Abuse people's confidences.
Accept apologies easily.
Accept challenging tasks.
Accept little from others.
Accept others' weaknesses.
Accept people as they are.
Accept the consequences of my actions.
Accept the first thing that comes along.
Accept what others say.
Accomplish a lot of work.
Accomplish my work on time.
Acknowledge others' accomplishments.
Acquire skills quickly.
Act according to my conscience.
Act according to my own feelings.
Act as a leader.
Act as I please.
Act as if I’m somebody else and completely identify myself with the part.
Act as if I'm constantly on stage.
Act as if some laws do not apply to me.
Act at the expense of others.
Act before thinking through the consequences.
Act comfortably with others.
Act contrary to reason.
Act impulsively when something is bothering me.
Act like different people in different situations.
Act like people older than me.
Act like people younger than me.
Act or feel in a way that does not fit me.
Act out my frustrations on others.
Act properly in most situations.
Act quickly without thinking.
Act spontaneously without thinking about the consequences.
Act wild and crazy.
Act with hesitation.
Act without consulting others.
Act without planning.
Act without thinking.
Act without ulterior motives.
Actually get cold when I think of something cold.
Adapt easily to new situations.
Adjust easily.
Admire a really clever scam.
Admire people who own expensive homes, cars, or clothes.
Admit mistakes.
Admit when I am wrong.
Agree to anything.
Allow others to make a fresh start.
Allow others to walk all over me.
Always admit it when I make a mistake.
Always know what I am doing.
Always know why I do things.
Always need to know who my partner is with.
Always seem to be losing things.
Am a bad loser.
Am a bitter person.
Am a brave person.
Am a bully.
Am a chronic liar.
Am a cold-hearted person.
Am a corrupt person.
Am a cranky person.
Am a creature of habit.
Am a domineering person.
Am a firm believer in thinking things through.
Am a flamboyant person.
Am a generally obedient person.
Am a "glass is half empty" kind of person
Am a goal-oriented person.
Am a good judge of character.
Am a good listener.
Am a good loser.
Am a guilty person.
Am a hard person to read.
Am a hard worker.
Am a highly disciplined person.
Am a jealous person.
Am a large-sized person.
Am a law-abiding citizen.
Am a lonely person.
Am a manipulative person.
Am a mean-spirited person.
Am a money-grubber.
Am a naturally good dancer.
Am a neat freak.
Am a negative type of person.
Am a "people person."
Am a perfectionist.
Am a person whose moods go up and down easily.
Am a pessimistic person.
Am a physical coward.
Am a rebel.
Am a sadistic person.
Am a seductive person.
Am a shy person
Am a small-sized person.
Am a spiritual person.
Am a strange person.
Am a submissive person.
Am a true life-long learner.
Am a very good scam artist.
Am a very private person.
Am a very reliable person.
Am a vindictive person.
Am a workaholic, with little time for fun or pleasure.
Am able to calm myself down quite quickly when upset.
Am able to come up with new and different ideas.
Am able to control my cravings.
Am able to cooperate with others.
Am able to describe my feelings easily.
Am able to disregard rules.
Am able to do most things well enough.
Am able to do what I should do, even when I feel scared.
Am able to find out things by myself.
Am able to fit into any situation.
Am able to fix electrical-wiring problems.
Am able to get other people to act in a certain way.
Am able to get over it quickly when someone hurts my feelings.
Am able to pick myself up when I'm down.
Am able to read the minds of others.
Am able to see how other peoples' emotions can affect their behaviors.
Am able to see the "big picture."
Am able to see the best in a situation.
Am able to stand up for myself.
Am able to understand how other people see problems.
Am able to work hard to achieve results that I will only get at a time far in the future.
Am able to work hard to solve problems even when it takes a long time.
Am afraid of being left alone.
Am afraid of heights.
Am afraid of large dogs.
Am afraid of losing control of my anger.
Am afraid of many things.
Am afraid of more things than others are.
Am afraid that I will do the wrong thing.
Am afraid that my life will be cut short by illness.
Am afraid to draw attention to myself.
Am afraid to reach out for love.
Am always aware of how I am presenting myself.
Am always busy with something interesting.
Am always busy.
Am always in the same mood.
Am always joking.
Am always looking for a rush of excitement.
Am always on the go.
Am always on time.
Am always prepared.
Am always ready to start afresh.
Am always worried about something.
Am always worried that my partner is going to leave me.
Am an energetic person.
Am an eternal pessimist.
Am an extraordinary person.
Am an extremely grateful person.
Am an extremely loyal person.
Am an honest person.
Am an ordinary person with ordinary skills and abilities.
Am an original thinker.
Am angry or distressed when my partner pays more attention to someone else.
Am annoyed by others' mistakes.
Am apprehensive about new encounters.
Am approached often by people who want help, advice, or guidance with their problems.
Am ashamed of myself.
Am asked for advice by friends and family.
Am asked for favors by my friends and family.
Am attached to conventional ways.
Am aware of how my feelings are affecting other people.
Am aware of my feelings.
Am basically a decent person.
Am bothered by frequent aches and pains.
Am calm even in tense situations.
Am capable of working alone.
Am careful to avoid making mistakes.
Am careful to consider how things I do now will affect future outcomes.
Am certain that I am being talked about.
Am chubby.
Am comfortable in unfamiliar situations.
Am committed to principles of justice and equality.
Am concerned about others.
Am considered a "yes" person.
Am considered attractive by others.
Am considered by others to be weird.
Am considered fun to be with.
Am considered short.
Am considered tall.
Am considered to be a wise person.
Am considered to be kind of eccentric.
Am considered well-off financially.
Am constantly reflecting about myself.
Am content with my life.
Am continually losing things.
Am convinced my doctor is lying to me.
Am convinced that I am dying.
Am convinced that my way is the best way.
Am curious about how various kinds of trees differ from each other.
Am deeply moved by others' misfortunes.
Am dependent on others for things that I should be able to do myself.
Am described as grumpy.
Am described by friends and family as a disciplined person.
Am described by others as a good "team-player."
Am determined to finish a task when I start it.
Am devoted to religion.
Am different compared to most people.
Am eager to soothe hurt feelings.
Am easily annoyed.
Am easily calmed down by others.
Am easily confused.
Am easily controlled by others in my life.
Am easily deterred.
Am easily discouraged in difficult situations.
Am easily discouraged.
Am easily disoriented.
Am easily distracted when I'm trying to focus my attention.
Am easily distracted.
Am easily disturbed.
Am easily excited.
Am easily frightened.
Am easily frustrated.
Am easily hurt.
Am easily impressed.
Am easily influenced.
Am easily intimidated.
Am easily moved to tears.
Am easily offended.
Am easily overpowered when decisions need to be made.
Am easily put out.
Am easily startled.
Am easily talked into doing silly things.
Am easy to fool.
Am easy to persuade.
Am easy to satisfy.
Am embarrassed by praise.
Am embarrassed to have people see my home.
Am emotionally reserved.
Am entitled to the best.
Am exacting in my work.
Am excited by many different activities.
Am excited to inflict pain on others.
Am faithful to old friends.
Am fascinated by how machines work.
Am fascinated by numbers.
Am filled with doubts about things.
Am forceful in relationships with friends and family.
Am free of prejudice.
Am full of ideas.
Am generally a fearful person.
Am generally fearful of bad things that could happen.
Am good at analyzing problems.
Am good at getting people to do what I want.
Am good at helping people work well together.
Am good at making excuses for my bad behavior.
Am good at making impromptu speeches.
Am good at making jokes.
Am good at making people laugh.
Am good at many things.
Am good at motivating myself to work hard.
Am good at reading people's intentions from their faces.
Am good at saving money.
Am good at seducing others.
Am good at sensing what others are feeling.
Am good at setting goals for the future.
Am good at taking advice.
Am good at thinking of solutions that no one else thinks of.
Am good at understanding others' feelings.
Am good at using people's weak points to my advantage.
Am guided by my intuitions.
Am guided by my moods.
Am guided by superstitions.
Am happy doing mindless work.
Am happy with my life.
Am hard to convince.
Am hard to get to know.
Am hard to reason with.
Am hard to satisfy.
Am hard to understand.
Am humble about the good things that have happened to me.
Am in awe of simple things in life that others might take for granted.
Am in good physical condition.
Am inadequate.
Am inclined to forgive others.
Am indifferent to the feelings of others.
Am inexplicably happy some of the time.
Am inflexible when I think I'm right.
Am intentionally different.
Am interested in many things.
Am interested in money to the point of being able to do risky jobs.
Am interested in my personal growth.
Am interested in people.
Am interested in science.
Am just an ordinary person.
Am known as a controlling person.
Am known to be a very nervous or tense person.
Am less capable than most people.
Am less likely than most people to lock things up.
Am likely to show off if I get the chance.
Am looking for a job.
Am looking forward to things that are coming in the future.
Am mainly interested in money.
Am more capable than most others.
Am more likely to be fast and careless than to be slow and plodding.
Am more of a loner than most people.
Am motivated strongly to do some things by the good prospect of obtaining money.
Am moved to action by the possibility of social advancement, even if this involves not playing fair.
Am nervous or tense most of the time.
Am never at a loss for words.
Am never bored.
Am never too busy to help a friend.
Am nice to people I should be angry at.
Am nice to store clerks.
Am no danger to society.
Am no more special than anyone else.
Am not a caring person.
Am not a dependable person.
Am not a detail-oriented person.
Am not a joyful person.
Am not a sympathetic person.
Am not a very enthusiastic person.
Am not affected by either praise or criticism.
Am not afraid of providing criticism.
Am not all that curious about the world.
Am not always honest with myself.
Am not always what I appear to be.
Am not an empathic person.
Am not an extraordinary person.
Am not as strict as I should be.
Am not as tactful as I should be.
Am not bothered by crazy thoughts.
Am not bothered by difficult social situations.
Am not bothered by disorder.
Am not bothered by messy people.
Am not concerned with making a good impression.
Am not confident that my way of doing things will work out for the best.
Am not considered attractive by others.
Am not considered to have new and different ideas.
Am not disturbed by events.
Am not easily affected by my emotions.
Am not easily amused.
Am not easily annoyed.
Am not easily bothered by things.
Am not easily distracted.
Am not easily disturbed by events.
Am not easily fooled by others.
Am not easily frustrated.
Am not easily made to feel jealous.
Am not easily stirred.
Am not embarrassed easily.
Am not fun to be with.
Am not good at deceiving other people.
Am not good at describing the emotions I feel throughout the day.
Am not good at figuring out what really matters.
Am not good at getting people to like me.
Am not good at hiding my intentions from others.
Am not good at judging people.
Am not good at knowing human nature.
Am not good at planning group activities.
Am not good at sports.
Am not good at taking charge of a group.
Am not good at telling jokes.
Am not good at working with a group.
Am not handicapped in any way.
Am not happy until all the details are taken care of.
Am not highly motivated to succeed.
Am not in the mood for anything.
Am not in touch with my feelings.
Am not interested in abstract ideas.
Am not interested in other people's problems.
Am not interested in romance.
Am not interested in speculating about things.
Am not interested in theoretical discussions.
Am not known for my sense of humor.
Am not likely to notice small visual details.
Am not much of a flirt.
Am not picky about food.
Am not really interested in others.
Am not sure where my life is going.
Am not very good at getting things done.
Am not willing to let things rest.
Am odd.
Am often accused of being narrow-minded.
Am often afraid of new or unexpected situations.
Am often afraid.
Am often asked by friends and family to help resolve fights.
Am often aware how the color and lighting of a room affects my mood.
Am often being lied to.
Am often bored while working.
Am often bored.
Am often consulted by my friends about their problems.
Am often disappointed by people.
Am often down in the dumps.
Am often exploited by others.
Am often fidgety.
Am often in a bad mood.
Am often just used by people instead of being treated as a person.
Am often late to work.
Am often late.
Am often mistaken for being younger than my age.
Am often out for revenge.
Am often puzzled by sensations in my body.
Am often rushed.
Am often sensitive to the smoothness or roughness of objects that I touch.
Am often so assertive or sociable that I surprise myself.
Am often so restless that it is impossible for me to sit still.
Am often the last to understand the point of a joke.
Am often told by others that I understand them.
Am often too truthful about others' flaws.
Am often worried by things that I said or did.
Am on good terms with nearly everyone.
Am one of the most curious and inquiring persons I know.
Am only kind to others if they have been kind to me.
Am open about my feelings.
Am open about myself to others.
Am open to arguments.
Am open to change.
Am open to ideas.
Am open to new experiences.
Am out for my own personal gain.
Am paralyzed by a fear of being alone.
Am paralyzed by a fear of rejection.
Am passionate about anything I'm involved in.
Am passionate about bettering the world's condition.
Am passionate about causes.
Am patient with people who annoy me.
Am physically out of shape.
Am plain in appearance.
Am polite to strangers.
Am poorly informed.
Am preoccupied with myself.
Am pretty trusting of others' motives.
Am prone to addiction.
Am prone to altered states of consciousness.
Am prone to bouts of rage.
Am prone to complain about my health.
Am proud that I am an ordinary person.
Am put off by people who touch or hug when speaking to me.
Am put off by unexpected events.
Am quick to admit making a mistake.
Am quick to blame others when I get into trouble.
Am quick to correct others.
Am quick to judge others.
Am quick to quit when the going gets tough.
Am quick to think I'm about to be dumped or rejected.
Am quick to think others don't like me.
Am quick to understand things.
Am quiet around strangers.
Am quite relaxed in front of strangers.
Am rarely a patient person.
Am rarely aware of how an artist might be using light and color to convey mood when I look at paintings or pictures.
Am rarely aware of the natural beauty in the environment.
Am rarely aware of the texture of things that I hold.
Am rarely consulted for advice by others.
Am rarely scared by loud noises.
Am ready for a fight when someone tries to take advantage of me.
Am ready to act on the spot.
Am ready to do battle for a cause.
Am ready to hit someone when I get angry.
Am relaxed most of the time.
Am resigned to my fate.
Am rigid in the way I want things organized.
Am sad most of the time.
Am satisfied with my life.
Am secure in my relationships.
Am seldom aware of the sounds of birds in the neighborhood.
Am seldom bothered by the apparent suffering of strangers.
Am seldom concerned about the possibility of failing when trying something new.
Am self-destructive.
Am sensitive to the needs of others.
Am skilled in handling social situations.
Am slow to take the blame.
Am sluggish much of the time.
Am so good at controlling others that it sometimes scares me.
Am sometimes full of thoughts, ideas, and images in my mind.
Am sometimes so preoccupied with my own thoughts I don't realize others are trying to speak to me.
Am sometimes sure that other people can tell what I am thinking.
Am strongly influenced by the good moods of others.
Am sure of my ground.
Am swayed by my emotions.
Am taken advantage of by others.
Am thankful for the people who helped me during my childhood.
Am the first to act.
Am the last to laugh at a joke.
Am the life of the party.
Am the most important person in someone else's life.
Am thrilled when I learn something new.
Am told by friends and family that I have good ideas for solving problems.
Am told by friends that they do not really know who I am.
Am told by my friends that I am a hard worker.
Am told by people that I am easy to get to know.
Am told that I am a strong but fair leader.
Am told that I am down to earth.
Am told that I am too blunt.
Am told that things I say are not polite.
Am too afraid to do much of anything.
Am totally consumed by one or more interests or hobbies.
Am true to my own values.
Am true to myself in all circumstances.
Am trusted by other people.
Am trusted to keep secrets.
Am unable to deal with the problems in my work.
Am unable to do some of the things I would like to do because of my health.
Am unable to do things properly.
Am unable to speak up for myself.
Am unaffected by other people's happiness.
Am unaffected by the suffering of others.
Am unaware of what's happening.
Am uncomfortable touching other people in intimate situations.
Am under constant pressure.
Am uniquely qualified to make important contributions.
Am unpredictable--people never know what I am going to say.
Am unsure about questions concerning politics, religion, or morality.
Am untouched by other people's feelings.
Am unwilling to accept apologies.
Am unwilling to change appointments.
Am upset by the misfortunes of strangers.
Am usually a patient person.
Am usually able to forgive people when they make me angry.
Am usually active and full of energy.
Am usually aware of the emotions that are portrayed in various types of art (for example, painting, photography, music, dance).
Am usually aware of the way that I'm feeling.
Am usually convinced that my friends and romantic partners will betray me.
Am usually in an average sort of mood, not too high and not too low.
Am usually pretty good at keeping track of several things that are happening around me.
Am usually right.
Am usually skeptical about the future.
Am usually unaware of how the setting is used to convey the mood of the characters in movies.
Am valued by my friends for my good judgment.
Am valued by others for my objectivity.
Am very aware of my surroundings.
Am very independent.
Am very insecure in my relationships.
Am very pleased with myself.
Am very sensitive and easily hurt.
Am very shy in social situations.
Am wary of others.
Am way too detail-oriented.
Am well-informed.
Am who I am because of my faith.
Am willing to admit it when I make a mistake.
Am willing to bend the truth if it will benefit me.
Am willing to cheat in a game.
Am willing to explain things twice.
Am willing to make compromises.
Am willing to make personal sacrifices in order to help people I care about.
Am willing to take a stand.
Am willing to take risks to establish a relationship.
Am willing to take risks.
Am willing to talk about myself.
Am willing to try again and again when I fail at something.
Am willing to try anything once.
Am without talent.
Am worthless.
Am worthy of special recognition.
Amuse my friends.
Amuse myself easily.
Anticipate the needs of others.
Apologize a lot.
Appreciate all forms of art.
Appreciate good manners.
Appreciate people who wait on me.
Appreciate the viewpoints of others.
Approach others in a positive manner.
Arrive on time.
As a child, did a lot of things to get people's approval.
Ask for lots of advice from others.
Ask questions that nobody else does.
Ask too many questions.
Assume that most people are in it only for themselves.
Assume that most people lie or cheat to get ahead.
Assume that most people will lie to get what they want.
Attract attention from the opposite sex.
Automatically take charge.
Avoid activities that are physically dangerous.
Avoid appearing superior to others.
Avoid being a bother to anyone.
Avoid calling attention to my weaknesses.
Avoid company.
Avoid contacts with others.
Avoid crowds.
Avoid dangerous situations.
Avoid dealing with awkward situation.
Avoid dealing with uncomfortable emotions.
Avoid demonstrating my skills for fear of being embarrassed.
Avoid difficult reading material.
Avoid doing things behind another person's back.
Avoid eye contact.
Avoid going to unknown places.
Avoid imposing my will on others.
Avoid interfering in the lives of others.
Avoid mistakes.
Avoid philosophical discussions.
Avoid responsibilities.
Avoid romantic intimacy at all costs.
Avoid small talk.
Avoid the things I fear at all costs.
Avoid throwing things away for fear that I might need them later.
Awaken with a sense of excitement about the day's possibilities.
Back out at the last moment.
Barge in on conversations.
Base my goals in life on inspiration, rather than logic.
Become aggressive when I feel hurt.
Become angry when I am not invited to a social event.
Become anxious in new situations.
Become easily frightened.
Become emotional for no apparent reason.
Become frustrated and angry with people when they don't live up to my expectations.
Become intrusive in relationships.
Become overwhelmed by events.
Become restless if I'm not accomplishing something.
Begin to answer before the other person finishes the question.
Begin to panic when there is danger.
Behave as if my work is more important than anything else.
Behave as if others are just as important as me.
Behave in a way that is acceptable to society.
Behave in unusual and strange ways.
Behave properly.
Believe I have "ESP," or extrasensory perception.
Believe I have supernatural powers.
Believe in a life after death.
Believe in a logical answer for everything.
Believe in a supernatural source of peace and love.
Believe in a universal power or God.
Believe in an eye for an eye.
Believe in eating healthily.
Believe in equality between all races.
Believe in God.
Believe in human goodness.
Believe in life after death.
Believe in one true religion.
Believe in psychic forces and fortune telling.
Believe in sexual modesty.
Believe in the goodness of human nature.
Believe in the importance of art.
Believe in the importance of tradition.
Believe in the power of astrology to predict the future.
Believe in the power of fate.
Believe in the power of tarot cards to predict the future.
Believe in things that have no scientific explanation.
Believe in universal harmony.
Believe it is always better to be safe than sorry.
Believe only in myself.
Believe strongly that the world would be a much better place if I had my way.
Believe that all events can be explained scientifically.
Believe that appearances are important.
Believe that art is very important.
Believe that both feelings and thinking are important in making decisions and solving problems.
Believe that by working hard a person can achieve anything.
Believe that cheating is ok if you get away with it.
Believe that cheating is wrong because it is unfair to others.
Believe that children need firm discipline.
Believe that criminals should receive help rather than punishment.
Believe that crying helps me feel better.
Believe that each person has a purpose in life.
Believe that emotions give direction to life.
Believe that events in my life are determined only by me.
Believe that everyone should have a say.
Believe that everyone's rights are equally important.
Believe that everything will work out in the end.
Believe that giving is more important than receiving.
Believe that God / a Higher Power acts upon our lives.
Believe that good will always beat evil.
Believe that honesty is the basis for trust.
Believe that human nature is essentially bad.
Believe that I am always right.
Believe that I am better than others.
Believe that I am important.
Believe that I can heal others by sending them thoughts of positive energy.
Believe that I can work hard to achieve a positive future.
Believe that I have a serious disease.
Believe that I know more than most supposed "experts."
Believe that important decisions should be based on logical reasoning.
Believe that it is best to forgive and forget.
Believe that it is more important to be myself than to be popular.
Believe that it's a dog-eat-dog world.
Believe that it's best not to let other people get to know you too well.
Believe that it's dangerous to show your real feelings.
Believe that kids need tough love.
Believe that laws should be strictly enforced.
Believe that leaders should let everyone have a say in what the group does.
Believe that life is more of a playground than a battlefield.
Believe that medical tests are often inaccurate.
Believe that most people dislike helping other people.
Believe that most people have ulterior motives when doing good deeds.
Believe that most people make friends only because they expect friends to be useful.
Believe that most people only care about themselves.
Believe that most people stay friends only as long as it is to their advantage.
Believe that most people tell the truth.
Believe that most people would betray me if I let them.
Believe that most people would lie to get ahead.
Believe that most questions have one right answer.
Believe that my friends will eventually drop me in favor of smarter and more interesting friends.
Believe that my life is much more of a gift than a problem.
Believe that my success depends on ability rather than luck.
Believe that no one deserves to be discriminated against because of the color of their skin.
Believe that one needs to show their talents and abilities in order to get opportunities and make progress.
Believe that one of the most important achievements in life includes acquiring material possessions.
Believe that one race of people is better than others.
Believe that others are drawn to me because I am humble.
Believe that others have good intentions.
Believe that our human nature brings us together to work for common goals.
Believe that parents coddle their children too much.
Believe that people are basically honest and good.
Believe that people are basically moral.
Believe that people are either good or bad.
Believe that people are essentially evil.
Believe that people often are trying to take advantage of me.
Believe that people seldom tell you the whole story.
Believe that people should fend for themselves.
Believe that planning ahead makes things turn out better.
Believe that privacy is very important.
Believe that religion is foolish.
Believe that small lies are ok.
Believe that some orders are meant to be ignored.
Believe that some people are born lucky.
Believe that superpowers are possible in humans.
Believe that the end justifies the means.
Believe that the only person you can truly trust is yourself.
Believe that the poor deserve our sympathy.
Believe that the rules don't apply to me.
Believe that the things I own say a lot about how well I'm doing in life.
Believe that the world is controlled by a few powerful people.
Believe that there are many sides to most issues.
Believe that there are no "honest" mistakes - there is always an ulterior motive.
Believe that there are universal truths.
Believe that there is never an excuse for lying.
Believe that there is no absolute right and wrong.
Believe that things go best when people do things the way I do them or want them done.
Believe that too much tax money goes to support artists.
Believe that unfortunate events occur because of bad luck.
Believe that we coddle criminals too much.
Believe that we should be tough on crime.
Believe that, sooner or later, people always let you down.
Believe the world would be better off without me.
Believe worry causes me to lose sleep.
Blame my mistakes on others.
Blame myself for anything that goes wrong.
Blend into the crowd.
Blurt out whatever comes into my mind.
Boast about my virtues.
Borrow money that I won't pay back.
Boss people around.
Bottle up my feelings.
Break my promises.
Break rules.
Burst into tears.
Buy clothes without trying them on first.
Buy more than I need.
Buy only the things I need.
Call for action while others talk.
Call my friends when they are sick.
Can accept a lot from others.
Can accept criticism without getting upset.
Can always say "enough is enough."
Can be confused about the emotions I'm feeling.
Can be relied upon by others.
Can be stirred up easily.
Can be trusted to keep my promises.
Can be very cruel to people.
Can be vicious.
Can become tearful thinking of the goodness of others.
Can bend to the will of others.
Can change course, if necessary.
Can change the weather simply by thinking about it.
Can clearly picture in my mind what I want to happen in my future.
Can control my emotions.
Can control objects with my mind.
Can control the outcome of events.
Can create any impression that I want.
Can easily become furious.
Can easily figure out what another person wants to talk about.
Can easily link facts together.
Can easily push myself forward.
Can easily tell if someone else wants to enter a conversation.
Can easily visualize how the freeways in my region link up.
Can express love to someone else.
Can face my fears.
Can feel close to someone, even in moments of silence.
Can find something of interest in any situation.
Can find the positive in what seems negative to others.
Can get along with most people.
Can get anxious, depressed, or irritable for no reason.
Can get out of difficult situations.
Can go from cheerful to furious, or vice versa, very quickly.
Can handle a lot of information.
Can handle any situation life throws my way.
Can handle complex problems.
Can hardly wait to see what life has in store for me in the years ahead.
Can improvise.
Can keep a secret.
Can laugh at myself.
Can make anyone believe anything I want them to.
Can make myself work on a difficult task even when I don't feel like trying.
Can manage many things at the same time.
Can never find anything.
Can never keep a secret.
Can perform a wide variety of tasks.
Can play many roles convincingly.
Can predict the outcome of events.
Can read books written in Chinese.
Can read other peoples' body language such as facial expressions.
Can read people like a book.
Can recall many events before the age of three.
Can remain cool-headed when stressed out.
Can say things beautifully.
Can see different points of view.
Can see into the future.
Can see special connections between seemingly unrelated objects or events.
Can see the funny side of a painful situation.
Can sense how things will turn out.
Can sense the presence of strange persons or forces.
Can sense when danger or harm is coming.
Can slow myself down when I want to.
Can spend hours doing nothing.
Can spot faulty reasoning.
Can stand a great deal of stress.
Can stand criticism.
Can stay focused on tasks, even when I'm happy and excited about an upcoming event.
Can stay on a diet.
Can switch gears easily.
Can tackle anything.
Can take a joke.
Can take my mind off my problems.
Can take strong measures.
Can take the viewpoint of others.
Can talk my way out of anything.
Can talk others into doing things.
Can tell from persons' attitudes what they will do next
Can think of a snappy reply.
Can think of many different ways to solve problems.
Can think of one or more times in my life where I was very brave.
Can understand a stranger's character at first sight.
Can understand the "rules of the groups" of which I am a member.
Can usually appreciate other points of view.
Can usually bring my attention back to whatever I was doing after being interrupted.
Can work under pressure.
Cannot be counted on to get things done.
Cannot control the urge to hurt myself when something goes wrong.
Cannot hold back my tongue when criticized.
Cannot imagine lying or cheating.
Cannot seem to deal with stress at work/school.
Cannot stop thinking about all of my mistakes.
Cannot wait to get started on a project.
Can't afford to buy things I need.
Can't be bothered with other's needs.
Can't come up with new ideas.
Can't concentrate.
Can't control my impulses when I'm really stressed.
Can't do without the company of others.
Can't find the right words for my feelings.
Can't hear for awhile (as if I am deaf).
Can't help but look upset when something bad happens.
Can't help noticing whether something I read is grammatically correct.
Can't hold onto money for long.
Can't keep to the subject.
Can't make up my mind.
Can't put my ideas into practice.
Can't remember the last time I smiled.
Can't remember the last time I thought about sex.
Can't resist eating candy or cookies if they are around.
Can't say no.
Can't see for awhile (as if I am blind).
Can't sleep for nights on end but remain active during the daytime.
Can't speak (or only with great effort), or can only whisper.
Can't stand aggressive people.
Can't stand being alone.
Can't stand being contradicted.
Can't stand being late.
Can't stand confrontations.
Can't stand impolite people.
Can't stand nosey people.
Can't stand on my own.
Can't stand pushy people.
Can't stand quarrels.
Can't stand rude people.
Can't stand waiting.
Can't stand weak people.
Can't swallow, or only with a great effort.
Can't think clearly when under pressure.
Care about justice.
Care about others.
Carry around something that gives me good luck.
Carry out my plans.
Carry the conversation to a higher level.
Catch on to things quickly.
Cause accidents.
Challenge others' points of view.
Change my mind.
Change my mood a lot.
Change myself to suit others.
Chatter away aimlessly.
Cheat on people who have trusted me.
Cheat to get ahead.
Cheated my way through school.
Check on things more often than necessary.
Check over my work.
Cheer loudly at sporting events.
Cheer people up.
Cherish mementos.
Choose my words with care.
Choose the easy way.
Claim to be able to do everything.
Collect things that I don't need.
Collect things that no one else wants.
Come straight to the point.
Come up with a solution right away.
Come up with alternatives.
Come up with bold plans.
Come up with excuses to avoid meeting new people.
Come up with good solutions.
Come up with new ways to do things.
Come up with something new.
Come up with unworkable plans.
Comment loudly about others.
Complete my duties as soon as possible.
Complete tasks successfully.
Conform to others' opinions.
Confuse fantasies with real memories.
Consider my behavior to be pretty average.
Consider my motives before acting.
Consider myself a disabled person.
Consider myself an average person.
Consider myself good-looking.
Consider myself old.
Consider myself to be a wise person.
Consider others' advice.
Consider others' opinions.
Consult the library or the Internet immediately if I want to know something.
Continue until everything is perfect.
Contradict others.
Control others by my anger.
Cope poorly with stress.
Copy others.
Could be a success in many fields.
Could easily live without having sex.
Could go months without a thought of sex crossing my mind.
Could never imagine hurting another person.
Could never stop loving my family and close friends, no matter what they did.
Could not get going.
Could stare at a painting or picture for hours.
Count on others too much.
Counter others' arguments.
Crave romantic touch.
Crave the attention I get after hurting myself.
Crave the experience of great art.
Create problems for others.
Create something of value out of nothing.
Criticize others' shortcomings.
Cry during movies.
Cry easily.
Cut conversations short.
Cut others to pieces.
Dare to say anything.
Deal efficiently with practical matters.
Deal with anger by acting out.
Deceive people.
Decide things for others.
Decide things on my own.
Defend my own beliefs.
Demand a lot from others.
Demand attention.
Demand explanations from others.
Demand obedience.
Demand perfection in myself.
Demand perfection in others.
Demand quality.
Demand the impossible of others.
Demand to be the center of interest.
Deny others their turn.
Depend on science to explain "miracles."
Describe lots of irrelevant details when telling a story.
Deserve more than I am getting.
Deserve special treatment from others.
Deserve the very best of everything.
Deserve to be admired.
Detect mistakes.
Detest working.
Did not feel like eating, even though I should have been hungry.
Disapprove of gift giving because it encourages weakness.
Disclose my intimate thoughts.
Discuss my health problems with my family and friends.
Dislike being around happy people when I'm feeling sad.
Dislike being complimented.
Dislike being the center of attention.
Dislike changes.
Dislike children's birthday parties.
Dislike competing with others.
Dislike having authority over others.
Dislike having to do more than one task at a time.
Dislike imperfect work.
Dislike incompetence.
Dislike learning.
Dislike looking at my body.
Dislike looking at myself in the mirror.
Dislike loud music.
Dislike movies with happy Hollywood endings.
Dislike myself.
Dislike neighbors living too close.
Dislike neon signs and florescent colors.
Dislike new foods.
Dislike routine.
Dislike smells that I usually like.
Dislike surprises.
Dislike taking responsibility for making decisions.
Dislike talking about myself.
Dislike tastes that I usually like.
Dislike the unknown.
Dislike when my friends spend too much time with other friends.
Dislike work.
Dislike works of fiction.
Disliked math in school.
Disregard rules.
Disregard the opinions of others.
Distrust people.
Distrust the medical profession to handle my health.
Do a lot in my spare time.
Do a lot of things just to avoid getting sick.
Do as I am told.
Do crazy things.
Do dangerous things.
Do everything I say I will do.
Do favors for others only so I can ask for something for myself later.
Do improper things.
Do just enough work to get by.
Do many things with ease.
Do more than what's expected of me.
Do most of the talking.
Do my best to avoid arguments.
Do my tasks only just before they need to be done.
Do not believe humans are truly capable of love.
Do not believe in a universal power or a God.
Do not care how my actions affect others.
Do not easily share my feelings with others.
Do not enjoy going to art museums.
Do not enjoy kissing.
Do not enjoy watching dance performances.
Do not exercise on a regular basis.
Do not feel close to people.
Do not give anyone a second chance to hurt me.
Do not give up easily.
Do not go out of my way to make others smile or laugh.
Do not have a good imagination.
Do not like art.
Do not like concerts.
Do not like poetry.
Do not like reading or hearing opinions that go against my way of thinking.
Do not like to visit museums.
Do not make lists.
Do not make polite excuses.
Do not often talk about things that I have achieved.
Do not plan ahead.
Do not practice any religion.
Do not quit easily, even when things are hard.
Do not see the need to acknowledge others who are good to me.
Do not stand up for my beliefs.
Do not take many risks.
Do not take news at face value.
Do not tend to stick with what I decide to do.
Do not think about decisions.
Do not trust the integrity of the police.
Do the opposite of what I'm told to do.
Do the opposite of what is asked.
Do things according to a plan.
Do things at my own pace.
Do things at the last minute.
Do things behind other people's backs.
Do things by the book.
Do things for a reason.
Do things for no apparent reason.
Do things in a half-way manner.
Do things in a logical order.
Do things my own way.
Do things out of habit.
Do things out of revenge.
Do things that are very out of the ordinary.
Do things that I don't like to make others happy.
Do things that I later regret.
Do things that men traditionally do.
Do things that others find strange.
Do things that women traditionally do.
Do things well at first, but then drop them.
Do things without thinking of the consequences.
Do too little work.
Do unexpected things.
Do unpleasant tasks immediately.
Do what I say.
Do what others do.
Do what others want me to do.
Do whatever comes into my mind.
Do what's expected.
Don't act is if I'm a special person.
Don't act like a show-off.
Don't always practice what I preach.
Don't analyze the reasons for my actions.
Don't approach things halfheartedly.
Don't attempt to conform to society's expectations.
Don't bother to make an effort.
Don't bother with polite conversation.
Don't bother worrying about political and social problems.
Don't brag about my accomplishments.
Don't call attention to myself.
Don't call people just to talk.
Don't care about dressing nicely.
Don't care about rules.
Don't care if I offend others with bad manners.
Don't care much about how society tells me to behave.
Don't care what others think.
Don't care what people think of me.
Don't care whether I'm considered special.
Don't commit myself to things.
Don't consider a task finished until it's perfect.
Don't consider myself attractive.
Don't consider myself religious.
Don't desire things that others have.
Don't discard old pictures or snapshots
Don't enjoy being in the spotlight.
Don't enjoy being the object of jokes.
Don't enjoy doing quiet leisure activities.
Don't fall for sob-stories.
Don't feel the need to be close to others.
Don't finish the things that I start.
Don't finish what I start.
Don't get excited about things.
Don't get particularly upset when I lose things.
Don't get sidetracked when I work.
Don't have a place I call home.
Don't have a soft side.
Don't have much energy.
Don't have strong feelings about anyone or anything.
Don't hesitate to express an unpopular opinion.
Don't indulge in violence.
Don't know how to handle myself in a new social situation.
Don't know much about history.
Don't know what I really want.
Don't know what's going on inside me.
Don't know why I do some of the things I do.
Don't know why I'm angry.
Don't learn from my experiences.
Don't let an illness or injury change my daily habits.
Don't let little things anger me.
Don't let others cut in front of me in line.
Don't let others discourage me.
Don't let others take credit for my work.
Don't like action movies.
Don't like being away from civilization.
Don't like being interrupted.
Don't like being laughed at.
Don't like crowded events.
Don't like getting dirt on my hands.
Don't like running errands for others.
Don't like seeing people dressed carelessly.
Don't like sex.
Don't like the idea of change.
Don't like to be noticed when I walk into a room.
Don't like to draw attention to myself.
Don't like to get dressed up.
Don't like to get involved in other people's problems.
Don't like to learn new things.
Don't like to ponder over things.
Don't like to share, even when others desperately need what I have.
Don't like to spend money.
Don't like to travel.
Don't lose my head.
Don't make a big deal about gifts that I receive.
Don't mind asking for favors.
Don't mind being the center of attention.
Don't mind cutting in line.
Don't mind eating alone.
Don't mind others making fun of me.
Don't miss group meetings or team practices.
Don't pay attention.
Don't pay enough attention when others are speaking to me.
Don't pay much attention to the material objects other people own.
Don't place much emphasis on the amount of material objects people own as a sign of their success.
Don't plan anything very far in advance.
Don't pretend to be more than I am.
Don't pride myself on being original.
Don't put a lot of thought into things.
Don't put my mind on the task at hand.
Don't quit a task before it is finished.
Don't read nonfiction books for fun.
Don't reveal my intentions.
Don't see much hope for myself.
Don't see the consequences of things.
Don't see things through.
Don't show my feelings.
Don't soften the truth.
Don't speak my mind freely when there might be negative results.
Don't strive for elegance in my appearance.
Don't take orders well.
Don't talk a lot.
Don't talk badly to outsiders about my own group.
Don't tend to think things through critically.
Don't think about different possibilities when making decisions.
Don't think about more possibilities than the one I like first.
Don't think as well as I used to.
Don't think I should have to wait in lines like others.
Don't think it's important to socialize with others.
Don't think much about sex.
Don't think of tomorrow.
Don't think straight when I am upset.
Don't think that I'm better than other people.
Don't think that laws apply to me.
Don't think that schooling is important.
Don't tolerate critics.
Don't try to figure myself out.
Don't try to get even.
Don't understand people who get emotional.
Don't understand things.
Don't use harsh language.
Don't usually enjoy listening to people tell stories about events that have happened in their lives.
Don't want to cause trouble.
Don't waste time with others' troubles.
Don't wear fashionable clothing.
Don't worry about things that have already happened.
Doubt people who claim to be "healers."
Doubt reports of so-called "mystical experiences."
Doubt that most politicians are corrupt.
Doubt the motives of others when I am complimented.
Doubt the value of religion.
Dread getting up in the morning.
Dress to attract sexual attention.
Dress to make an impression.
Drove or rode somewhere without remembering later what happened during all or part of the trip.
Drown out conversations.
Dwell on the past.
Eagerly look forward to things to come.
Easily find things to laugh or joke about.
Easily laugh at myself.
Easily lose my train of thought.
Easily lose track of reality.
Easily resist temptations.
Echo what others say.
Embarrass others.
Encourage others' criticisms.
Engage in discussions.
Enjoy a good brawl.
Enjoy a good ethnic joke among friends.
Enjoy beating the system.
Enjoy being barefoot.
Enjoy being on the go.
Enjoy being part of a group.
Enjoy being part of a loud crowd.
Enjoy being reckless.
Enjoy being thought of as a normal "mainstream" person.
Enjoy bringing people together.
Enjoy cartoons.
Enjoy contemplation.
Enjoy crude jokes.
Enjoy discussing movies and books with others.
Enjoy dreaming about a perfect mate.
Enjoy driving fast and passing cars on the highway.
Enjoy eating in restaurants.
Enjoy elaborate ceremonies.
Enjoy examining myself and my life.
Enjoy feeding animals.
Enjoy feeling "close to the earth."
Enjoy flirting with complete strangers.
Enjoy flirting.
Enjoy games of strategy.
Enjoy going to social gatherings.
Enjoy having control over someone.
Enjoy hearing new ideas.
Enjoy hurting someone physically.
Enjoy imagining what life is like for people in other places or who have lives different from mine.
Enjoy injuring myself.
Enjoy intellectual games.
Enjoy manipulating other people's feelings.
Enjoy my privacy.
Enjoy my work.
Enjoy myself while with others.
Enjoy offering directions to tourists.
Enjoy physical exercise.
Enjoy reading.
Enjoy reflecting on past events.
Enjoy science fiction.
Enjoy sexual experiences intensely.
Enjoy silence.
Enjoy spending money on things that aren't practical.
Enjoy spending time by myself.
Enjoy taking leisurely strolls.
Enjoy taking my clothes off in front of others.
Enjoy teamwork.
Enjoy the beauty of nature.
Enjoy the feel of self-inflicted pain.
Enjoy the feeling of scalding myself with hot water.
Enjoy the thrill that comes with fearful situations.
Enjoy the warm feeling of being in a group of good friends.
Enjoy thinking about things.
Enjoy thought-provoking movies.
Enjoy torturing people.
Enjoy using my charm.
Enjoy wild flights of fantasy.
Enjoy working with people more than working alone.
Enjoyed life.
Enjoyed school.
Exaggerate my abilities.
Exaggerate things.
Examine my motives constantly.
Excel in nothing at all.
Excel in what I do.
Exert my authority.
Expect dedicated work from others.
Expect nothing less than perfection.
Expect others to thank me for generous things that I do for them.
Expect people not to like me.
Expect the worst to happen.
Expect the worst.
Expect things to fail.
Experience a lot of physical pain.
Experience altered states of consciousness.
Experience deep emotions when I see beautiful things.
Experience longer periods of sadness or depression than other people seem to.
Experience moods that bounce around like a pinball machine.
Experience my emotions intensely.
Experience pangs of hunger that cause me to devour everything insight.
Experience panic spells.
Experience supernatural guidance.
Experience very few emotional highs and lows.
Experience very vivid and lively memories when I recall my childhood.
Express childlike joy.
Express disapproval.
Express my affection physically.
Express my happiness in a childlike manner.
Express my thanks to those who care about me.
Express myself easily.
Face danger confidently.
Face problems directly.
Fail to notice beauty until other comment on it.
Fail to pay attention.
Fear dying from a lingering or painful illness.
Fear for the worst.
Fear nothing.
Fear that others will hate me.
Feel a profound sense of appreciation every day.
Feel a responsibility to improve the world in which I live.
Feel a sense of not being real.
Feel a sense of worthlessness or hopelessness.
Feel a special sense of destiny or prophecy.
Feel a strong need to hold on to my possessions.
Feel a strong sense of oneness with everything around me.
Feel as if my body, or a part of it, has disappeared.
Feel at ease with people.
Feel at times that I have left my body and am somehow outside my physical self.
Feel attacked by others.
Feel badly if my words or actions cause someone else to feel emotional pain.
Feel better after some hard work.
Feel comfortable around people.
Feel comfortable with myself.
Feel compelled to count while I am doing things.
Feel completely overwhelmed when things don't go as planned.
Feel controlled by powerful people.
Feel crushed by setbacks.
Feel desperate.
Feel disgusted by anything relating to sex.
Feel emotionally damaged.
Feel emotions with extreme intensity.
Feel empty in my relationships.
Feel excited or happy for no apparent reason.
Feel excited when I think about the future.
Feel good when others notice how I have hurt myself.
Feel guilty as if I had committed a crime, although I did not really commit one.
Feel guilty much of the time.
Feel guilty when I believe that I have hurt someone's feelings.
Feel guilty when I say "no."
Feel guilty when I see a policeman.
Feel happy when I see a happy animal such as a playful dog or a purring cat.
Feel happy when I see other people display their skills and talents.
Feel happy when I see other people doing things like showing compassion, forgiving others, or being kind.
Feel healthy and vibrant most of the time.
Feel hollow, empty, or bored.
Feel I get so engrossed in fantasies that I lose track of reality.
Feel I have no control over my thoughts.
Feel I must respect the decisions made by my group.
Feel isolated from other people.
Feel it is important to keep up appearances.
Feel it's important to live in a world of beauty.
Feel life is boring or bland.
Feel like a failure when someone else succeeds.
Feel like a loser if I compromise.
Feel like a young person.
Feel like an imposter.
Feel like I am "falling apart".
Feel like I have no control over what comes out of my mouth.
Feel like I wouldn't know what to do if I developed a serious illness.
Feel like my imagination can run wild.
Feel like nothing seems interesting to me.
Feel like nothing seems like fun to me.
Feel like people often are out to get something from me.
Feel little concern for others.
Feel lucky most of the time.
Feel my thoughts and emotions are often "all over the place."
Feel no gratitude to others.
Feel nothing is ever my fault.
Feel offended by forms of discrimination.
Feel older than my age.
Feel other people's joy.
Feel others' emotions.
Feel paralyzed for awhile.
Feel relaxed when enclosed in small places such as an elevator.
Feel relieved after inflicting pain on myself.
Feel resentful when I don't get my own way.
Feel restless a lot of the time.
Feel short-changed in life.
Feel smothered when others show deep concern towards me.
Feel sometimes that a part of my body is separate from the rest of me.
Feel sometimes that I all-of-a-sudden am in a strange place.
Feel spiritually connected to other people.
Feel sympathy for those who are worse off than myself.
Feel thankful for what I have received in life.
Feel that a deadly disease is always around the corner.
Feel that breaking the law is okay as long as you don't get caught.
Feel that burning myself makes me feel better.
Feel that cutting myself helps me feel better.
Feel that fantasy is more powerful than reality.
Feel that friendly people are actually trying to manipulate me.
Feel that having close friends is not especially important to me.
Feel that I am too fat.
Feel that I am too short.
Feel that I am too skinny.
Feel that I am too small.
Feel that I am too tall.
Feel that I am treated well by others.
Feel that I do not deserve to be alive.
Feel that I have a lot of inner strength.
Feel that I have done something wrong.
Feel that I have to repeat certain numbers.
Feel that I know what people should be like.
Feel that I shouldn't have to wait for anything.
Feel that I'm living in a dream, or see my life before me as if it were a movie.
Feel that I'm someone special.
Feel that I'm unable to deal with things.
Feel that it's OK that some people don't like me.
Feel that life has no meaning.
Feel that life is full of many wonderful surprises.
Feel that many things are outside my control.
Feel that most bad things that happen have a hidden gift in them.
Feel that most people are genuine.
Feel that most people can't be trusted.
Feel that my anxiety overwhelms me.
Feel that my body is dissolving or that a part of my body is missing or changing.
Feel that my body is too large.
Feel that my interests change quickly.
Feel that my life lacks direction.
Feel that my life would be better if I owned certain things I don't have
Feel that my opinion is worthless unless told otherwise
Feel that my worry and anxiety is out of control.
Feel that no one tells the truth anymore.
Feel that nothing seems to make me feel good.
Feel that other people are often to blame for my problems.
Feel that other people are out to get me.
Feel that others are beneath me.
Feel that others are out to get me.
Feel that others can't figure out what I'm trying to say.
Feel that others misunderstand me.
Feel that pain actually makes me feel better.
Feel that people and things around me are not real.
Feel that people are against me.
Feel that people are too dependent on me.
Feel that people have a hard time understanding me.
Feel that people must earn my trust.
Feel that people or things change in their appearance when they really do not.
Feel that practice is as important as performance.
Feel that the pace of life is too fast.
Feel that the slightest problems are the "end of the world."
Feel that the things I own aren't all that important to me.
Feel that there are good and bad numbers.
Feel that there are many things that I do not know much about.
Feel that too much modesty gets a person in trouble.
Feel that very few merchants take advantage of their customers.
Feel that work is not an important part of my life.
Feel that yelling helps me feel better.
Feel threatened easily.
Feel unbearable guilt much the time.
Feel uncomfortable when told that I am important.
Feel uneasy and concerned whenever I see a distressed look on a child's face.
Feel up to any task.
Feel used by other people.
Feel weak.
Felt as though I was looking at the world through a fog so that people and objects appeared far away or unclear.
Felt close to my parents when I was a child.
Felt depressed.
Felt fearful.
Felt happy.
Felt hopeful about the future.
Felt I was as good as other people.
Felt like I was disconnected from my body.
Felt like I was dreaming when I was awake.
Felt lonely.
Felt sad.
Felt that everything I did was an effort.
Felt that I could not move my hands or feet.
Felt that I could not shake off the blues, even with help from my family or friends.
Felt that people disliked me.
Find examination of my feelings useful in solving personal problems.
Find fault with everything.
Find few things in my life to be grateful for.
Find it bothersome that I can't afford to buy all the things I like.
Find it difficult showing people that I care about them.
Find it difficult showing people that I'm angry with them.
Find it difficult to approach others.
Find it difficult to break my bad habits.
Find it difficult to compromise in policy debates.
Find it difficult to consider as valid opinions that differ from my own.
Find it difficult to control my own thoughts.
Find it difficult to entertain myself.
Find it difficult to get down to work.
Find it difficult to manipulate others.
Find it difficult to organize tasks and activities.
Find it difficult to sit still for long periods of time.
Find it difficult to stay on one course.
Find it difficult to telephone someone I do not know.
Find it difficult to tell whether something really happened, or whether it occurred only in my imagination.
Find it difficult to touch an object that has been touched by others.
Find it easy to manipulate others.
Find it easy to spend a lot of time learning something new.
Find it easy to stay healthy.
Find it easy to tell if others are interested or bored with what I'm saying.
Find it easy to tune out background noises when trying to concentrate on something else.
Find it hard to describe how I feel about people.
Find it hard to forgive others.
Find it hard to know what people are really feeling.
Find it hard to stay in a bad mood if the people around me are happy.
Find it hard to tell if people are lying.
Find it hard to tell others' thoughts by their looks.
Find it necessary to please the people who have power.
Find it very annoying to have to wait a few minutes for a phone connection.
Find life difficult.
Find my attention easily strays from my work in the presence of an attractive stranger.
Find myself in the same kinds of trouble, time after time.
Find myself picking up the mood of others.
Find nothing excites me.
Find others' opinions unimportant.
Find out things quickly.
Find political discussions interesting.
Find some pleasure in hurting myself physically.
Find that I am able to pursue one goal for a long time.
Find that I do not get frightened easily.
Find that I sometimes sit starting off into space, thinking of nothing, and am not aware of the passage of time.
Find that in certain situations I am able to do things with amazing ease and spontaneity that would usually be difficult for me.
Find that in one situation I act so differently from when I'm inanother situation that I feel almost as if I were two different people.
Find that it doesn't take much to make me feel happy.
Find that it takes a lot to make me feel angry at someone.
Find that it takes a lot to make me feel frustrated or irritated.
Find that it's hard for me to have fun.
Find that my friends get surprised to discover things that I have achieved in the past.
Find that my impulses often get me into trouble.
Find that my thoughts are racing.
Find that once I have a new friend, I sometimes try too hard to keep them.
Find that people tell me their feelings.
Find the world a very interesting place.
Finish tasks quickly.
Finish things despite obstacles in the way.
Finish what I start.
Follow a schedule.
Follow directions.
Follow my instincts.
Follow my own rules.
Follow orders.
Follow others.
Follow the beaten track.
Follow the crowd.
Follow the rules.
Follow through on my commitments.
Follow through with my plans.
Forego things that are bad for me in the long run even if they make me feel good in the short run.
Forget appointments.
Forget deadlines.
Forget things.
Forgo opportunities.
Forgo things for the sake of others.
Form opinions based on others' beliefs.
Formulate ideas clearly.
Found evidence that I had done things that I did not remember doing.
Found myself dressed in clothes I didn't remember putting on.
Found myself in a place and had no idea how I had gotten there.
Found new things among my belongings that I didn't remember buying.
Found that I became so involved in a fantasy or daydream that it felt like it was really happening to me.
Found that I could not remember whether I had done something or had just thought about doing that thing.
Found that I had no memory for some important event in my life (for example, a wedding or graduation).
Found that I heard voices inside my head that told me to do things or commented on things that I was doing.
Found that I was able to ignore pain.
Found that when I was watching television or a movie I became so absorbed in the story that I was unaware of other events happening around me.
Found writings, drawings, or notes among my belongings that I must have done but cannot remember doing.
Frequently back out of plans.
Frequently drop things.
Frequently forget to do things.
Frequently forget what I am doing.
Frequently get so strongly absorbed in one thing that I lose sight of other things.
Frequently get things mixed up in my head.
Frequently have thoughts about killing myself.
Frequently question the intentions of others.
Frequently skipped school when I was younger.
Frequently take the blame for others' mistakes.
Frequently visit medical websites to diagnose myself.
Fulfill my duties without complaining.
Generally am not interested in doing very much.
Generally doubt the integrity of others.
Generally feel like there isn't anything interesting or fun to do.
Generally focus on the negative side of things.
Generally give preference to those activities that imply an immediate gain.
Generally lack the energy to get things done.
Generally trust my partners to be faithful to me.
Get a head start on others.
Get a kick out of really scaring people.
Get a lot of pleasure from buying things.
Get a rush from other people lusting after me.
Get a thrill out of doing things that might kill me.
Get a thrill out of ripping off others.
Get along well with others.
Get along well with people I have just met.
Get angry easily.
Get angry more easily than most people.
Get angry when my friends goes out without me.
Get annoyed at the slightest provocation.
Get annoyed by people who are overly friendly.
Get annoyed when poor weather interferes with my plans for an outdoor activity.
Get annoyed with others' behaviors.
Get as excited about the good fortunes of others as I am about my own.
Get back at others.
Get back at people who insult me.
Get bored easily.
Get caught up in my problems.
Get caught up in the excitement when others are celebrating.
Get chills when I hear about acts of great generosity.
Get chores done right away.
Get confused easily.
Get deeply immersed in music.
Get easily agitated.
Get even with others.
Get excited about the things that I am doing.
Get excited by new ideas.
Get excited when I learn new things.
Get fed up easily.
Get furious.
Get impatient when others talk to me about their problems.
Get in shouting matches with other people.
Get in trouble with the law.
Get into moods where I feel very speeded up and irritable.
Get into my work.
Get irritated easily.
Get jealous easily.
Get lost in my dreams.
Get lost in what I'm doing and don't pay attention to much else.
Get nauseous when I see or think of spoiled food.
Get others to do my duties.
Get out of control.
Get overwhelmed by emotions.
Get physically ill when things aren't going well for me.
Get pretty sweaty in new situations.
Get puzzled by my own thoughts and feelings.
Get restless when I spend too much time at home.
Get sick more often than my friends.
Get so happy or energetic that I am almost giddy.
Get so involved with things that I forget the time.
Get started quickly on doing a job.
Get stressed out easily.
Get stressed out much more than most people.
Get suspicious when my spouse or partner says they are working late.
Get suspicious when someone treats me nicely.
Get the most fun out of things that are illegal.
Get things done quickly.
Get to the bottom of things.
Get to the heart of the matter.
Get to the point quickly.
Get to work at once.
Get too tired to do anything.
Get upset by unpleasant thoughts that come into my mind.
Get upset easily.
Get upset if I see an animal in pain
Get upset if I see people suffering on news programs.
Get upset if objects are not arranged properly.
Get upset if others change the way that I have arranged things.
Get upset if something is stolen from me, even if it has little monetary value.
Get upset when I can't pursue my current interests.
Get upset when others don't notice how I look.
Get upset when others notice how I look.
Get very anxious or angry when my spouse or romantic partner is meeting someone else.
Give compliments.
Give everyone a chance.
Give in to my urges.
Give in to no one.
Give money to beggars.
Give people a second chance.
Give people good advice.
Give priority to my own interests.
Give to panhandlers.
Give unsolicited advice.
Give up easily.
Go into situations expecting nothing but the worst to occur.
Go my own way.
Go off on a lot of tangents.
Go on binges.
Go on shopping sprees.
Go out of my way for others.
Go out of my way to attend educational events.
Go out of my way to cheer up people who appear down.
Go out of my way to help people who are suffering.
Go out of my way to meet people.
Go straight for the goal.
Go through money quickly.
Go to bed immediately if I feel that I'm getting sick.
Go to the doctor a lot.
Go too far with jokes.
Gossip about others.
Got in trouble a lot at school.
Grow stiff for awhile.
Grumble about things.
Guide my life using religious scriptures.
Habitually blow my chances.
Had a poor appetite.
Had crying spells.
Had restless sleep.
Had the experience of being accused of lying when I did not think I had lied.
Had the experience of being in a familiar place but finding it strange and unfamiliar.
Had the experience of feeling as though I was standing next to myself, or watching myself as if I was looking at a different person.
Had the experience of feeling that my body did not belong to me.
Had the experience of feeling that other people, objects, and the world around me were not real.
Had the experience of looking in a mirror and not recognizing myself.
Had the experience of not being sure whether things I remember happening really did happen, or whether I just dreamed them.
Had the experience of remembering a past event so vividly that it felt like I was reliving that event.
Had thoughts about death.
Had trouble keeping my mind on what I was doing.
Handle problems as well as anyone else.
Handle tasks smoothly.
Hang around doing nothing.
Hang up the phone on people.
Hardly ever finish things on time.
Hate being the center of attention.
Hate parting with old things.
Hate standing in lines.
Hate surprises.
Hate to hear about the successes of others.
Hate to see anyone suffer, even my worst enemy.
Hate to seem pushy.
Hate to wait for my turn in line or in a game.
Hate waiting for anything.
Have a "couldn't care less" attitude.
Have a broad outlook on what is going on.
Have a calming influence.
Have a colorful and dramatic way of talking about things.
Have a conscience.
Have a conventional lifestyle.
Have a dark outlook on the future.
Have a dark, depraved, or evil side that I keep to myself.
Have a good memory for things I've down throughout the day.
Have a good memory.
Have a good sense of physical balance.
Have a good word for everyone.
Have a great sense of humor.
Have a hard time cheering myself up.
Have a hard time keeping my feelings in check.
Have a high opinion of myself.
Have a history of "talking back" to parents or teachers.
Have a lot of fun.
Have a low opinion of myself.
Have a mature view on life.
Have a mouth that gets me into trouble.
Have a natural talent for influencing people.
Have a negative view of the future.
Have a negative view of the world.
Have a plan for what I want to be doing five years from now.
Have a pleasing physique.
Have a point of view all my own.
Have a poor vocabulary.
Have a quiet laugh.
Have a rebellious side that gets me into trouble.
Have a reputation for asking inappropriate questions.
Have a rich vocabulary.
Have a sharp tongue.
Have a slow pace to my life.
Have a soft heart.
Have a special ability to know what will happen before it happens.
Have a strong need for power.
Have a strong personality.
Have a strong physique.
Have a thin body.
Have a very good imagination.
Have a violent temper.
Have a vivid imagination.
Have all my senses intact.
Have all the material things I really need to enjoy life.
Have already gotten more than I deserve.
Have always been a rule-breaker.
Have always been completely fair to others.
Have always been suspicious of other people.
Have an attractive face.
Have an excellent view of the world.
Have an eye for detail.
Have an imagination that stretches beyond that of my friends.
Have an intense, boisterous laugh.
Have an uncommon ability to persuade or inspire others.
Have as much money as I need.
Have attacked someone physically.
Have attacks that resemble an epileptic fit.
Have attempted to kill myself.
Have avoided situations or people for fear that I would get sick.
Have bad luck.
Have bad manners.
Have bad things happen to me for no reason.
Have banged my head against the wall on purpose.
Have beautiful ideals in my heart.
Have become extremely jealous in my lifetime.
Have been accused of being too protective in romantic relationships.
Have been arrested at least once in the past.
Have been arrested multiple times.
Have been called a cheapskate.
Have been depressed for much of my life.
Have been described as a jealous person by others.
Have been described as "unusual."
Have been described as wise beyond my years.
Have been in trouble for failing to live up to my responsibilities.
Have been in trouble for mouthing off to my boss.
Have been known to fly off the handle when distressed.
Have been left speechless by the beauty depicted in a movie.
Have been physically cruel to animals or even other people.
Have been richly blessed in my life.
Have been told by others that my thinking patterns don't make sense.
Have been told I'm not listening when others are speaking to me.
Have been told that I am difficult to understand.
Have been told that I am rigid and inflexible.
Have been told that I am strange or weird.
Have been told that I have horrible table manners.
Have been told that I have trust issues in relationships.
Have been told that I neglect other important parts of my life because I work so hard.
Have been told that my behavior often is bizarre.
Have been told that my medical problems are "all in my head."
Have been told that my stories don't make sense.
Have been told to slow down and take it easy.
Have broken into someone else's house or car.
Have broken things when angry.
Have complete confidence in my doctor.
Have crying fits.
Have days when I'm mad at the world.
Have deliberately not done my best.
Have deliberately risked my safety because I thought that it was "the right thing to do."
Have difficulty accepting love from anyone.
Have difficulty concentrating on the job at hand when I hear good news.
Have difficulty doing my work.
Have difficulty expressing my feelings.
Have difficulty feeling happy.
Have difficulty fitting in.
Have difficulty getting others to work together.
Have difficulty getting rid of nasty thoughts.
Have difficulty imagining things.
Have difficulty keeping a conversation going
Have difficulty keeping my attention on a task.
Have difficulty keeping things in mind.
Have difficulty showing affection.
Have difficulty starting tasks.
Have difficulty understanding abstract ideas.
Have done many terrible things.
Have done many things for which I could have been (or was) arrested.
Have done things to deface my body.
Have done things to myself that others might find brutal.
Have eerie feelings.
Have excellent ideas.
Have experienced a spiritual force that is greater than any human being.
Have exploited others for my own gain.
Have extra time on my hands.
Have fantasized about my funeral.
Have feelings that I can't quite identify.
Have felt contact with a divine power.
Have felt so good during numerous moments in my life that I could not imagine feeling any better.
Have felt the presence of another person when he or she was not really there.
Have felt the presence of God / a Higher Power.
Have few interests.
Have fixed opinions.
Have found that it takes a lot to make me feel truly happy.
Have frequent mood swings.
Have frequent thoughts about death.
Have friends who belong to very different groups of people.
Have friends who have very different beliefs from mine.
Have frightening dreams.
Have gathered the means to kill myself.
Have given myself a scar intentionally.
Have given up hope.
Have good "presence of mind."
Have good luck.
Have gotten better with age.
Have gotten into more fights than most people.
Have gotten the important things I want in my life.
Have great stamina.
Have guilty thoughts that I cannot get out of my mind.
Have had conflicts with the police.
Have had dreams of committing suicide.
Have had intense religious experiences.
Have had strong impulses to just end it all.
Have had the feeling that I might not be human.
Have had the feeling that I was someone else.
Have had the feeling that my thoughts were audible.
Have had the feeling that other people have injected their thoughts into my mind.
Have had the sensation of being hypnotized.
Have had the strange experience in which things seem "more real" than usual.
Have had thoughts of suicide.
Have hired a private detective to see if my partner/spouse was cheating on me.
Have hit myself purposely with heavy objects.
Have ideas that are very strange.
Have intense religious experiences which influence me in a strong manner.
Have intentionally burned my own skin.
Have intentionally done myself physical harm.
Have intentionally given myself alcohol poisoning.
Have leadership abilities.
Have learned how to get others to do things for me.
Have learned that it's dangerous to believe what people say.
Have little confidence in my decisions.
Have little desire for sex or romance.
Have little interest in hobbies and other activities.
Have little left to live for.
Have little patience for slackers.
Have little respect for my superiors.
Have little respect for the police.
Have little sympathy for the unemployed.
Have little to contribute.
Have little to say.
Have lived in all 50 states in the U.S.A.
Have lost friends due to my jealousy.
Have lost relationships due to my jealousy.
Have lots of symptoms that don't make any sense to me or those around me.
Have made a suicide plan in the past.
Have many piercings.
Have many valuable material possessions.
Have medical problems that my doctors don't understand.
Have mood swings that are completely out of control.
Have murderous ideas.
Have nerves of steel.
Have never attended a college or university.
Have never been in trouble with the law.
Have never cared much what others thought of me.
Have never considered myself a positive or happy person.
Have never deliberately hurt anyone.
Have never engaged in gossip.
Have never felt real joy.
Have never given bad advice to a friend.
Have never given serious thought to ending my life.
Have never had a loyal friend.
Have never hated anyone.
Have new ideas for improving things.
Have no interest in long-term romantic relationships.
Have no interest in making new friends.
Have no need for close friendships.
Have no objection to stepping on other people's toes if it is to my advantage.
Have no opinions of my own.
Have no plan for my life five years from now.
Have no problem defying the wishes of people in command.
Have no secrets.
Have no special urge to do something original.
Have no sympathy for criminals.
Have no sympathy for rule-breakers.
Have no trouble controlling my anger.
Have no trouble eating healthy foods.
Have no will to live.
Have not created something of beauty in the last year.
Have noticed that different letters of the alphabet have different colors.
Have noticed that different odors have different colors.
Have noticed that friends or family become frustrated with my mood swings.
Have noticed that I put my work ahead of too many other things.
Have noticed that lying comes easily to me.
Have noticed that my emotions get me into trouble when I'm stressed.
Have noticed that my friends have often betrayed me.
Have noticed that people sometimes try to make me look foolish.
Have occasionally disliked someone.
Have occasionally had the feeling that a TV or radio broadcaster knew I was listening to him.
Have often been punished without a good reason.
Have out-of-body experiences.
Have overcome pain and disappointment.
Have persuaded others to do something really adventurous or crazy.
Have physical sensations that even doctors don't understand.
Have physically threatened someone to get what I want.
Have planned out exactly how I will die.
Have problems with my eyesight.
Have purposely cut myself to the point of scarring.
Have read a lot.
Have read the great literary classics.
Have recently found an original solution to a problem in my life.
Have saved so many things that they get in the way.
Have second thoughts.
Have secret strategies.
Have sensed strange smells that others do not sense.
Have severe mood swings.
Have some bad habits.
Have sometimes felt incredibly intense pleasure.
Have sometimes had to tell a lie.
Have special problems.
Have spent at least 30 minutes in the last 24 hours in prayer or meditation.
Have spied on a romantic partner because I thought he/she was cheating on me.
Have spread gossip as a way to get back at someone.
Have started many fist fights in my life.
Have stolen things from time to time.
Have stolen things many times.
Have strong emotional reactions to everyday hassles.
Have strong reactions to even minor problems in my life.
Have strong sexual urges.
Have strong urges sometimes to hurt myself.
Have taken frequent stands in the face of strong opposition.
Have taken pills with the intention of making myself sick.
Have taken things that weren't mine.
Have the ability to be a good teacher.
Have the ability to make others feel interesting.
Have the feeling of being directed or controlled from outside, like a puppet on a string.
Have the power to cast spells on others.
Have thought about the best way to die.
Have thought about writing a suicide note.
Have thoughts of injuring myself.
Have thoughts of murdering people.
Have thoughts of torturing or harming others.
Have threatened to kill myself.
Have time for play and relaxation.
Have to be on guard against spells which strangers may cast upon me.
Have to hurt myself to relieve stress.
Have too little time to do what is needed.
Have too many things to do.
Have too many thoughts that confuse me and others.
Have tried to poison myself.
Have trouble admitting to mistakes.
Have trouble changing my behavior to suit the situation.
Have trouble coping when something goes wrong.
Have trouble dealing with even the smallest problems.
Have trouble deciding even simple things, like where to eat dinner.
Have trouble getting interested in things.
Have trouble guessing how others will react.
Have trouble opening up to people.
Have trouble relaxing, even with family or friends.
Have trouble resisting the temptation of doing forbidden things.
Have trouble throwing away even worthless junk.
Have unpredictable emotions and moods.
Have unusual beliefs about the world.
Have urges to cut myself.
Have used confidential information for my own gain.
Have used illegal drugs.
Have vandalized other people's property.
Have very high standards for the behavior of others.
Have written a suicide note.
Hear sounds from nearby as if they come from far away.
Hear voices talking about me when nobody is really there.
Hear voices that others cannot.
Help my friends.
Help others only when there is something in it for me.
Help people even when I do not want to, because it is the right thing to do.
Helped a neighbor in the last month.
Hide my real intentions.
Hide whatever is important to me.
Hold a grudge.
Hold back my opinions.
Hold grudges.
Hold myself and others to very high standards.
Honor all the vows I have made.
Hope that I am never a nuisance to anyone.
Hug my close friends.
Hurry my work.
Hurt people.
Ignore others' expectations.
Ignore signs of danger.
Immediately feel sad when hearing of an unhappy event.
Impose my will on others.
Impress my friends and family with my ability to plan for the future.
In tasks that I am not prepared for, attach great importance to the possibility of failure.
Indulge in my fantasies.
Inquire about others' well-being.
Insist on getting my way.
Insist that others do things my way.
Insult people.
Interfere in other people's business.
Interrupt others.
Invent problems for myself.
Invent things that can go wrong.
Investigate all possibilities.
Involve others in what I am doing.
Joke around a lot.
Judge myself more harshly than others do.
Judge people by their appearance.
Jump into things without thinking.
Jump into things.
Just know that I will be a success.
Just let things happen.
Keep a cool head.
Keep a lot of anger bottled up inside of me.
Keep a sharp eye on others' work.
Keep improving myself.
Keep in the background.
Keep in touch with old friends.
Keep my appointments.
Keep my checkbook balanced.
Keep my cool.
Keep my distance from strangers.
Keep my emotions under control.
Keep my faith even during hard times.
Keep my feelings to myself, regardless of how scared I am.
Keep my feelings to myself, regardless of how unhappy I am.
Keep my hair fashionable.
Keep my happy feelings to myself.
Keep my promises.
Keep my sense of humor even in gloomy situations.
Keep my thoughts to myself.
Keep myself uninvolved.
Keep myself well-groomed.
Keep old traditions.
Keep on the topic.
Keep others at a distance.
Keep people waiting.
Keep promises that I make to myself.
Keep situations under control.
Keep straight right from wrong.
Keep the peace.
Keep things that I never use.
Keep things tidy.
Keep to myself even when I'm around other people.
Keep to myself.
Keep up an appearance.
Know how things work.
Know how to apply my knowledge.
Know how to captivate people.
Know how to comfort others.
Know how to control myself.
Know how to convince others.
Know how to cope.
Know how to do my job.
Know how to do well on tests.
Know how to enjoy myself.
Know how to fly a helicopter.
Know how to get around the rules.
Know how to get things done.
Know how to make something from nothing.
Know how to play the bagpipes.
Know immediately what to do.
Know my limitations.
Know my strengths.
Know no limits.
Know people whose opinions are simply not worth listening to.
Know someone for whom I would do almost anything.
Know someone who is absolutely fair and just.
Know someone whom I really care about as a person.
Know someone with whom I feel free to be myself.
Know that anyone who tries can get a job.
Know that I am not a special person.
Know that I can improve myself.
Know that I can live my life in any way I want to.
Know that I wouldn't be any happier if I owned nicer things
Know that I'm a special person.
Know that I'm good because others tell me so.
Know that many people helped me to get to where I am today.
Know that modesty doesn't become me.
Know that my achievements will be forgotten after I'm dead.
Know that my anger is a problem.
Know that my belief in God / a Higher Power helps me to understand my purpose in life.
Know that my beliefs make my life important.
Know that my decisions are correct.
Know that my friends consider me to be impulsive.
Know that my ideas sometimes surprise people.
Know that my life has no strong purpose.
Know that my special qualities will some day be admired.
Know that some others accept my shortcomings.
Know that sometimes my clothes don't match (and I don't care).
Know that the world would be a much better place if I were in charge.
Know that there are people in my life who care as much for me as for themselves.
Know that there is someone I trust to help and support me.
Know the answers to many questions.
Know the names of many types of animals, birds, and plants.
Know the proper thing to do.
Know what I want.
Know what is essential and what is not.
Know what makes others tick.
Know what others are thinking.
Know what to say to make people feel good.
Know what's going on in the world.
Lack confidence in what the future holds.
Lack the talent for influencing people.
Lash out at others when something is bothering me.
Laugh a lot.
Laugh aloud.
Laugh and cry at the same time.
Laugh at others.
Laugh at the slightest provocation.
Laugh my way through life.
Laugh out loud if something is funny.
Lay down the law to others.
Learn quickly.
Learn things at an acceptable rate.
Learn things slowly.
Leave a mess in my room.
Leave my belongings around.
Leave my work undone.
Leave things unfinished.
Let bygones be bygones.
Let my attention wander off.
Let myself be directed by others.
Let myself be influenced by others.
Let myself be pushed around.
Let myself be taken over by urges to spend or eat too much.
Let myself be talked into doing things.
Let myself be used.
Let myself go.
Let nothing escape my eye.
Let other people take the credit for my work.
Let others determine my choices.
Let others do the work.
Let others do their own thing.
Let others down.
Let others finish what they are saying.
Let others have the credit.
Let others make the decisions.
Let others take advantage of me.
Let people pull my leg.
Let people push me around to help them feel important.
Let things get out of hand.
Let things go.
Let things just happen to me.
Let things proceed at their own pace.
Lie to get myself out of trouble.
Lie, cheat, and steal.
Like a leisurely lifestyle.
Like a lot of luxury in my life.
Like being the authority who has everyone's attention.
Like being the center of attention at a party or a social meeting.
Like being well-dressed at all times.
Like bland food.
Like displaying my physical abilities even though this may involve danger.
Like hard jobs better than easy ones.
Like harmony in my life.
Like having authority over others.
Like having secrets.
Like hearing views that differ from my own.
Like it when strangers find me sexually appealing.
Like learning about the achievements and creations of great men and women from history.
Like making sexual advances.
Like movies and books about mysteries.
Like music.
Like order.
Like people to notice me.
Like taking risks.
Like the feeling I get when an airplane experiences rough turbulence.
Like the feeling of being startled or shocked.
Like things plain and simple.
Like to act on a whim.
Like to add competitive features to all activities.
Like to amuse others.
Like to apologize after an argument.
Like to attend ceremonies.
Like to attract attention.
Like to be alone.
Like to be around children.
Like to be of service to others.
Like to be thought of as a normal kind of person.
Like to be viewed as proper and conventional.
Like to be well prepared.
Like to begin new things.
Like to behave spontaneously.
Like to collect information about things (cars, birds,numbers).
Like to color or style my hair in unconventional ways.
Like to compete and do everything I can to win.
Like to dispense with formalities.
Like to do frightening things.
Like to do things for others.
Like to dress differently than everyone else.
Like to dress up formally.
Like to exaggerate my troubles.
Like to find out about new and different ideas.
Like to follow a regular schedule.
Like to get lost in thought.
Like to give intoxicants to others.
Like to give orders.
Like to go outside during violent thunderstorms.
Like to gossip.
Like to hear myself talk.
Like to help others.
Like to know how things work.
Like to know the news of the world.
Like to laugh out loud.
Like to learn new things.
Like to look at my body.
Like to look at myself in the mirror.
Like to organize things.
Like to own things that impress people
Like to plan ahead.
Like to please others.
Like to putter around the house.
Like to read.
Like to show all sides of my emotions to the world.
Like to show off my body.
Like to show-off.
Like to sleep on things before acting.
Like to solve complex problems.
Like to spend time learning new things that do not have anything to do with my studies or work.
Like to stand during the national anthem.
Like to stand out in a crowd.
Like to start fights.
Like to stir up excitement.
Like to take a lot of photographs when I travel.
Like to take it easy.
Like to take my time.
Like to take responsibility for making decisions.
Like to talk about my future plans.
Like to talk about myself.
Like to think of new ways to do things.
Like to tidy up.
Like to trick people into doing things for me.
Like to turn heads when I walk into a room.
Like to visit new places.
Like to walk slowly.
Like to watch children open presents.
Like to watch figure skating.
Like to watch movies that focus on passion and sex.
Like to work as part of a team.
Like variety.
Like wild parties.
Listen to my brain rather than my heart.
Listen to my conscience.
Listen to my feelings when making important decisions.
Listen to my heart rather than my brain.
Listen to others, even if I disagree.
Live a life of luxury.
Live from one day to the next.
Live in a state of poverty.
Live in a world of my own.
Live life free of worries or anxiety.
Look after my health by eating well.
Look at myself through others' eyes.
Look at the bright side of life.
Look at the facts.
Look at things from different angles.
Look down on any weakness.
Look down on others.
Look for hidden meanings in things.
Look for something to hold on to.
Look forward to each new day.
Look forward to the opportunity to learn and grow.
Look on the bright side.
Look sad even on my best days.
Look to God / a Higher Power for support, guidance, and strength.
Lose control over my behavior when I'm emotional.
Lose my temper.
Lose respect for leaders if I disagree with them.
Lose sight of what is most important in life.
Lose things.
Love a good fight.
Love action.
Love animals.
Love beautiful things.
Love change.
Love children.
Love children's art work.
Love children's movies.
Love dangerous situations.
Love excitement.
Love flowers.
Love large parties.
Love life.
Love luxury.
Love my enemies.
Love order and regularity.
Love roller coasters.
Love security.
Love surprise parties.
Love the feeling of being intimately close with someone.
Love the feeling of sexually arousing others.
Love to be complimented.
Love to be the center of attention.
Love to chat.
Love to come up with objections.
Love to daydream.
Love to discuss sexually charged topics.
Love to do impressions.
Love to doodle.
Love to dress in outlandish clothes.
Love to eat.
Love to hear about other countries and cultures.
Love to help others.
Love to laze in the sun.
Love to learn new things.
Love to let others share the spotlight.
Love to look my best.
Love to make other people happy.
Love to meet new people.
Love to read challenging material.
Love to reflect on things.
Love to sleep.
Love to spin tall tales.
Love to think up new ways of doing things.
Love to travel to places that I have never been before.
Love to try new foods that I have not eaten before.
Love what I do.
Maintain distance between myself and others.
Maintain high energy throughout the day.
Make a decision and move on.
Make a fool of myself.
Make a lot of noise.
Make a mess of things.
Make a point of trying not to hurt others in pursuit of my goals.
Make an issue out of everything.
Make beautiful things.
Make careful choices.
Make careless mistakes.
Make certain that my plans will work.
Make decisions based on facts, not feelings.
Make decisions easily.
Make decisions only after I have all of the facts.
Make decisions quickly.
Make decisions slowly.
Make demands on others.
Make difficulties out of nothing.
Make enemies.
Make excuses.
Make friends easily.
Make fun of others behind their backs.
Make insightful remarks.
Make jokes.
Make lists of things to do.
Make many digressions when speaking.
Make mistakes on purpose when I resent having to do something.
Make mistakes.
Make my own rules.
Make myself the center of attention.
Make order out of chaos.
Make others feel good.
Make people feel at ease.
Make people feel uncomfortable.
Make people feel welcome.
Make people pay for crossing me.
Make plans and stick to them.
Make problems bigger than they are.
Make rash decisions.
Make up tall stories.
Make well-considered decisions.
Manage to make myself the center of attention.
May hit somebody if they openly disagree with me.
Mediate in quarrels.
Meet challenges.
Mess things up.
Might actually enjoy being caught in an earthquake or tornado.
Might enjoy a free fall from an airplane.
Might enjoy the thrill of being lost at sea.
Might enjoy zipping through traffic on a motorcycle.
Might get a kick out of the sights and sounds of warfare.
Might sometimes seem eccentric.
Misjudge situations.
Misrepresent the facts.
Misuse power.
Mix up things.
Move in a graceful manner.
Must try to maintain harmony within my group.
Nag others.
Nearly always feel awake and alert.
Need a creative outlet.
Need a lot of explanations.
Need a lot of time to do things.
Need a push to get started.
Need affection.
Need others to help run my life.
Need protection.
Need reassurance.
Need the approval of others.
Need things explained only once.
Need things to be arranged in a particular order.
Need to force and remind myself to smile every day.
Need to know where my spouse or partner is at all times.
Need to understand my motives.
Neglect my duties.
Neglect to thank others for their help.
Never abuse my credit.
Never challenge things.
Never do anything reckless.
Never get furious.
Never give up hope.
Never give up.
Never have sexual fantasies or daydreams.
Never remember my dreams.
Never resent being asked to do a favor for someone.
Never seek vengeance.
Never spend more than I can afford.
Never splurge.
Never stop talking.
Never want to be thought of as average.
Notice contradictions.
Notice my emotions.
Notice the way that music is structured
Notice when other people do things for me.
Obstruct others' plans.
Offend no one.
Offer help with problems.
Often act in odd or peculiar ways.
Often am concerned about diseases I might have.
Often am irritated with others.
Often am trying to get back at people.
Often arrive late.
Often become sweaty or flushed when faced with scary situations or people.
Often cannot recall the exact route I took to get somewhere.
Often can't remember what I ate yesterday.
Often can't remember what I did yesterday.
Often change plans at the last minute.
Often change the facts of a story to make it more interesting.
Often do nice things for people.
Often do not know what time it is.
Often do things to be praised.
Often drink too much.
Often eat too much.
Often enjoy singing without inhibitions when walking.
Often enjoy telling jokes or behaving in a humorous manner.
Often enjoy watching others suffer.
Often express doubts.
Often feed homeless people at my front door.
Often feel blue.
Often feel disconnected from my own body.
Often feel like I have some physical ailment.
Often feel like I'm being "ripped off."
Often feel like my thoughts make no sense.
Often feel like others are "up to something."
Often feel overwhelmed with rage.
Often feel physically fit and mentally alert.
Often feel tired.
Often feel too tired to do anything.
Often feel uncomfortable around others.
Often fly to Switzerland.
Often forget things.
Often forget to put things back in their proper place.
Often forget what day it is.
Often forget why I walked into a room.
Often get out of things by making up good excuses.
Often have a racing heart when things scare me.
Often have disorganized thoughts.
Often have illogical thoughts.
Often have the experience of deja vu.
Often have the feeling that others laugh or talk about me.
Often identify with "the villain" in movies.
Often ignore my feelings.
Often like to do the first thing that comes to my mind.
Often lose track of time.
Often make a fuss.
Often make big, expensive purchases without thinking of the financial consequences.
Often make decisions without regard for the mess they will cause.
Often make last-minute plans.
Often make plans that I do not follow through with.
Often need help.
Often notice how weather conditions (rain, snow, wind, sunshine) are used to convey the mood of the characters in a movie.
Often refrain from doing something because of my fear of being embarrassed.
Often refrain from doing something I like in order not to be rejected or disapproved of by others.
Often see no reason to continue living.
Often "space out" and lose track of what's going on.
Often stop in the middle of one activity to start another one.
Often stop to analyze how I'm feeling.
Often suspect that others are trying to exploit me.
Often talk about death and dying.
Often tell myself that I'll do an activity tomorrow, even when I have enough time to complete it today.
Often think about the possibility of negative outcomes that are not likely to occur.
Often think that I could do more things if it was not for my insecurity or fear.
Often worry about things that turn out to be unimportant.
Often worry about things to the extent that my intellectual performance is impaired.
Only feel comfortable with friends.
Only get what I want because I work hard for it.
Only look at things from a single angle.
Only pretend to have the best interests of others at heart.
Only talk about my own interests.
Only want service from the top-qualified person in the field.
Oppose authority.
Order people around.
Overestimate my achievements.
Overlook things.
Overreact to every little thing in life.
Overuse my credit.
Own a formal dress or tuxedo.
Panic easily.
Participate in many activities.
Pay a lot of attention to my feelings.
Pay attention to details.
Pay my bills on time.
Pay no attention to my appearance.
Pay no attention to my own needs.
Pay too little attention to details.
Perform in public whenever I can.
Persist in seemingly hopeless situations.
Physically intimidate people to get what I want.
Pitch in readily.
Place demands on myself.
Plan for the future.
Plan my life based on how I feel.
Plan my life logically.
Play a role in order to impress people.
Play "mind games" with others to get what I want.
Play tricks on others.
Plunge into tasks with all my heart.
Point out others' mistakes.
Postpone decisions.
Prefer being alone to risking rejection.
Prefer city life to rural life.
Prefer diving to swimming.
Prefer fear to boredom.
Prefer friends who are excitingly unpredictable.
Prefer going to movies to watching videos at home.
Prefer making things myself instead of buying them.
Prefer not to ask for something when I'm not sure I will obtain it.
Prefer reading non-fiction to fiction.
Prefer reality to fantasy.
Prefer renting or leasing a car to owning one.
Prefer safety over risk.
Prefer talking to people about their daily activities rather than their feelings.
Prefer that others make the major decisions in my life.
Prefer the simple life.
Prefer thrilling activities to staying home to watch TV.
Prefer to analyze problems rather than to just describe them.
Prefer to be alone.
Prefer to be around people with a background like mine.
Prefer to be controlled by others.
Prefer to call people "Mr." and "Mrs."
Prefer to deal with strangers in a formal manner.
Prefer to do everything alone.
Prefer to do things by myself.
Prefer to eat at expensive restaurants.
Prefer to just let things happen.
Prefer to let my accomplishments speak for themselves.
Prefer to let my feelings decide what I should do when making important decisions.
Prefer to let others be the center of attention.
Prefer to "live in the moment" rather than plan things out.
Prefer to make my own decisions.
Prefer to observe formalities.
Prefer to participate fully rather than view life from the sidelines.
Prefer to play it safe and avoid danger.
Prefer to read nonfiction more than fiction.
Prefer to spend my free time with family or friends rather than alone.
Prefer to stick with things that I know.
Prefer to take on the leadership role in a group.
Prefer to watch light entertainment shows rather than psychological dramas.
Prefer to wear sexually provocative clothing.
Prefer variety to routine.
Pretend to be concerned for others.
Prevent myself from saying mean things.
Prevent things from getting out of hand.
Promise too much.
Protect myself from threat or danger.
Pry into others' personal affairs.
Pull my hair out on purpose.
Purchase only practical things.
Push myself very hard to succeed.
Put a new perspective on things.
Put down others' proposals.
Put less emphasis on material things than most people do.
Put little time and effort into my work.
Put off unpleasant tasks.
Put on a show to impress people.
Put people under pressure.
Put up with anything.
Put work above pleasure.
Quarrel often with others.
Question my ability to do my work properly.
Question others' assumptions.
Quickly forget disagreements.
Quickly get the idea of things.
Quickly lose interest in the tasks I start.
Quickly notice when something is wrong.
Quickly recognize possibilities.
Quickly think up new ideas.
Quit tasks as soon as I get bored.
Radiate joy.
Rarely analyze my emotions.
Rarely become angry at my friends.
Rarely clean house.
Rarely complain.
Rarely consider my feelings when making a decision.
Rarely count on good things happening to me.
Rarely cry during sad movies.
Rarely enjoy behaving in a silly manner.
Rarely enjoy being with people.
Rarely enjoy dancing in a spontaneous manner.
Rarely feel angry with people.
Rarely feel depressed.
Rarely feel happy in response to minor events.
Rarely feel ill.
Rarely finish doing things before they are actually due (such as paying bills, finishing work).
Rarely get bored because I start daydreaming when things get boring.
Rarely get caught up in the excitement.
Rarely get drunk.
Rarely get irritated.
Rarely have fantasies that include intricate details.
Rarely look for a deeper meaning in things.
Rarely lose my composure.
Rarely notice my emotional reactions.
Rarely or never raise my voice in anger.
Rarely overindulge.
Rarely show my anger.
Rarely smile.
Rarely talk about sex.
Rarely think about how I feel.
Rarely wear a watch.
Rarely worry.
React immediately.
React intensely.
React negatively to the minor and major stresses of life.
React quickly.
React slowly.
React strongly to criticism.
React strongly when something goes wrong.
React with disbelief.
Read a large variety of books.
Read a lot.
Read all the time.
Read quickly.
Read slowly.
Readily overcome setbacks.
Reason logically.
Reassure others.
Rebel against authority.
Recover quickly from stress and illness.
Reflect on things before acting.
Refuse help.
Refuse to be sidetracked.
Refuse to be taken advantage of by others.
Refuse to be talked into things.
Refuse to take credit for work I have not done.
Remain calm during emergencies.
Remain calm during stressful times.
Remain calm under pressure.
Remain hopeful about the future, regardless of challenges.
Remain hopeful despite challenges.
Remain on guard to keep from being tricked or manipulated.
Remember my failures more easily than my successes.
Remember my friends' birthdays.
Repeatedly check doors, windows, and drawers.
Replay events in my head.
Resent being punished.
Resist authority.
Resist society's rules.
Respect authority.
Respect older people.
Respect others.
Respect others' feelings.
Respect the opinions of others.
Respect the privacy of others.
Respond randomly to surveys and questionnaires.
Retreat from others.
Return borrowed items.
Return extra change when a cashier makes a mistake.
Return library books on time.
Reveal intimate details of my life easily.
Reveal little about myself.
Ridicule people.
Rule with an iron fist.
Rush into things.
Sacrifice myself for others.
Sail my own course.
Say I'm sorry when someone bumps into me in a crowd.
Say inappropriate things.
Say little.
Say nothing new.
Say things just to be different.
Say what I think and feel even if I know other people will disagree.
Say what I think.
Say yes to nearly all requests.
Scheme against others.
Scratch myself until I bleed.
Scream at things.
See beauty in things that others might not notice.
See danger everywhere.
See difficulties everywhere.
See events as unavoidable.
See little need for romance in my life.
See myself as a good leader.
See myself as an average person.
See nothing wrong with being single for the rest of my life.
See other people as my competitors.
See strange figures or visions when nothing is really there.
See that nobody gets left out.
See that rules are observed.
See the beauty in everyday things.
See the humor in situations.
See the real causes of problems.
See things around me differently than I regularly do (for example, as if looking through a tunnel, or seeing only part of an object).
See through problems.
See to my own needs first.
Seek adventure.
Seek conflict.
Seek danger.
Seek explanations of things.
Seek quiet.
Seek status.
Seek support.
Seek to be the best.
Seek to influence others.
Seem to derive less enjoyment from interacting with people than others do.
Seldom become irritated in response to what a person says.
Seldom become irritated when someone is late.
Seldom change my decisions.
Seldom daydream.
Seldom experience sudden intuitive insights.
Seldom feel blue.
Seldom feel sad for longer than an hour.
Seldom feel weepy while reading the sad part of a story.
Seldom forget appointments.
Seldom get emotional.
Seldom get lost in thought.
Seldom get mad.
Seldom help out when people feel overwhelmed by things that need to be done.
Seldom joke around.
Seldom notice details.
Seldom notice the emotional aspects of paintings and pictures.
Seldom read the comics.
Seldom stretch the truth.
Seldom take offense.
Seldom toot my own horn.
Seldom wear colorful clothing.
Sense others' wishes.
Set high standards for myself and others.
Share my feelings with other people.
Share things with others.
Shift back and forth between strong love and strong hate.
Shirk my duties.
Shoot my mouth off.
Should get special privileges.
Should learn to hold back some of the things I say.
Shout or scream when I'm angry.
Show a mastery of language.
Show disgust.
Show faith in people.
Show my fear.
Show my feelings when I'm happy.
Show my feelings.
Show my gratitude.
Show my sadness.
Sing out loud to myself when I'm alone.
Skip difficult words while reading.
Smile a lot.
Smoke too many cigarettes.
Snap at people.
Sometimes do things for quick gains.
Sometimes don't know where I am.
Sometimes dream of vivid, detailed settings that are unlike anything I've experienced when awake.
Sometimes end up believing my own lies.
Sometimes feel "down" for several hours from relatively small disappointments.
Sometimes feel as if I am looking at myself from outside.
Sometimes feel intense sadness because of minor events.
Sometimes feel jealous of other people's situations.
Sometimes feel like I am dreaming while awake.
Sometimes find my friends to be irritating.
Sometimes find myself in a trance-like state without trying.
Sometimes "forget" to do things on purpose.
Sometimes forget what I'm trying to do.
Sometimes forget where I am or what I'm doing when listening to music or reading a book.
Sometimes get lost in my daydreams.
Sometimes have a hard time concentrating on tasks when I'm very happy.
Sometimes have extremely vivid pictures in my head.
Sometimes have fantasies that are overwhelming.
Sometimes have thoughts that don't make any sense.
Sometimes have to clean myself simply because I feel contaminated.
Sometimes have to do things over.
Sometimes have trouble making up my mind.
Sometimes know that something will happen before it actually does.
Sometimes lack remorse for treating people badly.
Sometimes laugh out loud when reading or watching TV.
Sometimes see visual images when resting with my eyes closed.
Sometimes think the TV is talking directly to me.
Speak briefly and to the point.
Speak ill of others.
Speak loudly.
Speak only when spoken to.
Speak rapidly.
Speak slowly.
Speak softly.
Speak up for others.
Speak up in protest when I hear someone say mean things.
Spend a lot of time creating a good image of myself in the eyes of others.
Spend a lot of time on the phone.
Spend a lot of time reading.
Spend a lot of time watching television.
Spend lots of my free time helping others.
Spend more money than I have.
Spend more money than I should.
Spend much of the day fantasizing or daydreaming.
Spend time reflecting on things.
Spend time thinking about past mistakes.
Spend too much money when I'm emotional.
Spill things.
Stand behind my actions.
Start conversations.
Start fights.
Start tasks right away.
Start to perspire when I meet someone new.
Stay away from the doctor, for fear of what they might find.
Stay in touch with old acquaintances.
Stay only where I'm wanted.
Steal things.
Stick to my chosen path.
Stick to my point of view.
Stick to my previous decisions.
Stick to the facts.
Stick to the rules.
Stick up for myself.
Stop to count my blessings.
Stop when work becomes too difficult.
Strive in every way possible to be flawless.
Stumble over my words.
Suddenly lose interest.
Suffer from others' sorrows.
Support my teammates or fellow group members.
Suspect hidden motives in others.
Suspect that my facial expressions give me away when I feel sad.
Suspect that people like to talk to me because my ideas are unusual.
Swim against the current.
Switch my loyalties when I feel like it.
Sympathize with others' feelings.
Sympathize with the homeless.
Take a long time to think before making big decisions.
Take advantage of others.
Take an interest in other people's lives.
Take care of my own affairs.
Take charge.
Take control of things.
Take deviant positions.
Take good care of my belongings.
Take in stray animals.
Take liberties with others' things.
Take no time for others.
Take offense easily.
Take orders from anybody.
Take others' interests into account.
Take part in community projects to help people who have less than me.
Take pleasure in watching people suffer.
Take precautions.
Take pride in not exaggerating who or what I am.
Take responsibility for what happens.
Take risks that could cause trouble for me.
Take risks.
Take tasks too lightly.
Take the blame when I'm at fault.
Take the future into account.
Take the initiative.
Take the time to finish things.
Take things as they come.
Take things for granted.
Take things in quickly.
Take things lying down.
Take things seriously.
Take time out for others.
Take time out to chat.
Take time to reflect on things.
Take unfair advantage of others.
Talk a lot.
Talk about my worries.
Talk about others to stir up conflict.
Talk during movies.
Talk even when I know I shouldn't.
Talk for no reason.
Talk mainly about myself.
Talk nonsense.
Talk out loud to myself.
Talk to a lot of different people at parties.
Talk to myself a lot.
Talk too much.
Talk without thinking.
Talked less than usual.
Talked out loud to myself.
Tease people.
Tell other people what they want to hear so that they will do what I want them to do.
Tell others what I really think.
Tell people about it when I'm irritated.
Tell tall stories about myself.
Tell the truth.
Tend to analyze things.
Tend to be admired by others.
Tend to become agitated whenever I have to sit and wait for something (for instance, in a waiting room).
Tend to dislike impulsive people.
Tend to dislike secretive people.
Tend to dislike shallow people.
Tend to dislike soft-hearted people.
Tend to explode with anger when things don't go as planned.
Tend to feel happy and irritable at the same time.
Tend to feel the same every day.
Tend to feel very hopeless.
Tend to find social situations confusing.
Tend to focus on only the negative parts of my life.
Tend to get emotionally involved with a friend's problems.
Tend to give others a hard time.
Tend to hang on to things I should probably throw out.
Tend to know beforehand what a conversation partner is about to say.
Tend to live in the present.
Tend to look out only for myself.
Tend to notice details that others do not.
Tend to organize my books, CDs, and other collections.
Tend to talk sarcastically.
Tend to think about something for hours.
Tend to think of alternatives when someone tells me how to do something.
Tend to vote for conservative political candidates.
Tend to vote for liberal political candidates.
Tend to worry about strange bodily sensations that I have.
Think a lot before complaining in a restaurant if my meal is not well-prepared.
Think about dying all the time.
Think about the causes of my emotions.
Think about what is good in my life when I feel down.
Think ahead.
Think before I speak.
Think constantly about sex.
Think deeply about things.
Think highly of myself.
Think I have a healthy way of dealing with my problems.
Think I would make a good actor.
Think it would be exciting to be near an explosion.
Think it's best to keep my emotions to myself.
Think most other people are better than me.
Think my sex drive is stronger than most other people.
Think of myself as a good and moral person.
Think of others as objects to be used for my personal pleasure.
Think of others first.
Think of things like developing cancer or catching a serious illness.
Think quickly.
Think that all will be well.
Think that being in touch with emotions is essential.
Think that changing important personal beliefs is often necessary to grow as a person.
Think that everybody should give some of their time and energy to help their town or country.
Think that everyone should be responsible for their own behaviors.
Think that everyone should get a fair share.
Think that I am in good medical condition.
Think that in difficult situations it is possible to find something to laugh or joke about.
Think that it is important to forgive people who have hurt me.
Think that life does not always have to be serious.
Think that looking for hidden meanings in movies or plays distracts from their enjoyment.
Think that love is overrated.
Think that most of my problems are due to the fact that other people just don't understand me.
Think that most people in authority are incompetent or corrupt.
Think that my life is extremely interesting.
Think that my moods don't change more than most people's do.
Think that others should do all the work.
Think that people need to learn restraint.
Think that people who are stupid enough to get ripped off usually deserve it.
Think that suicide would solve a lot of problems.
Think too highly of myself.
Think twice before doing something.
Think up practical solutions.
Thought about killing myself.
Thought that my life had been a failure.
Throw a new light on the situation.
Throw things across the room when angry.
Tire out quickly.
Tolerate a lot from others.
Torture animals.
Treat all people equally.
Treat all races and religions equally.
Treat everyone the same.
Treat my doctors and other professionals as my friends.
Treat others badly.
Treat others differently if I don't like them.
Treat people as inferiors.
Treated my parents badly.
Treated my parents well.
Tremble in dangerous situations.
Trust everyone.
Trust others.
Trust what people say.
Try hard to protect myself from threats or dangers.
Try hard to treat others with respect.
Try not to deceive others.
Try not to do favors for others.
Try not to think about the needy.
Try out new things.
Try to act fairly in all situations.
Try to add some humor to whatever I do.
Try to always be open and honest about my feelings.
Try to always tell the truth.
Try to avoid coarse people.
Try to avoid complex people.
Try to avoid speaking in public
Try to be with someone else when I'm feeling badly.
Try to cheat others.
Try to do too difficult things.
Try to examine myself objectively.
Try to fit in with others.
Try to follow the rules.
Try to fool others.
Try to forgive and forget.
Try to get rid of my prejudices.
Try to have fun in all kinds of situations.
Try to have good reasons for my important decisions.
Try to identify the reasons for my actions.
Try to impress others.
Try to keep my life simple, with very few possessions.
Try to lead others.
Try to maintain a pleasant atmosphere.
Try to make my group members happy.
Try to make sure everyone in a group feels included.
Try to meet people I find attractive.
Try to outdo others.
Try to please everyone.
Try to prevent quarrels.
Try to provoke others just to get a response.
Try to respond with understanding when someone treats me badly.
Try to stay in touch with myself.
Try to stay inside when the weather is bad.
Try to surpass others' accomplishments.
Try to tease my friends out of their gloomy moods.
Try to understand myself.
Turn my back on others.
Turn people against each other.
Turn plans into actions.
Turn red with anger.
Turn ugly when I drink too much..
Typically spend much of the day daydreaming.
Underestimate myself.
Understand people who think differently.
Understand the reasons when I feel very excited or happy.
Understand things quickly.
Undertake few things on my own.
Urge others to behave themselves.
Use a lot of medications.
Use difficult words.
Use flattery to get ahead.
Use laughter to brighten the days of others.
Use magic to ward off bad thoughts about me.
Use my attractiveness to get what I want.
Use my body language to attract others.
Use my brain.
Use my charm to get attention.
Use my looks to get what I want.
Use others for my own ends.
Use sex to get what I want.
Use swear words.
Usually believe that my friends will abandon me.
Usually demand that I do better the next time, even when I have done something very well.
Usually drift off mentally when doing simple tasks.
Usually end up laughing if the people around me are laughing.
Usually enjoy being with people.
Usually expect bad things to happen.
Usually feel neutral, instead of happy, when not feeling unhappy.
Usually feel that life has been sucked right out of me.
Usually find it hard to go back and forth between two different tasks.
Usually get my way with others.
Usually get right to work on something that needs to be done as soon as I think of it.
Usually have dreams that don't have an elaborate or detailed plot.
Usually like to spend my free time with people.
Usually like to talk a lot.
Usually notice visual details in the environment.
Usually notice when the environment is quiet.
Usually take care of my responsibilities as soon as possible.
Usually take charge in emergencies.
Usually work on improving things, instead of getting frustrated, when everything seems to be going wrong.
Value cooperation over competition.
Value having long-term close relationships with people.
View sex as a chore.
Wait for my turn.
Wait for others to lead the way.
Wake each morning to feelings of tremendous sadness.
Walk over others.
Wall myself off from others.
Want every detail taken care of.
Want everything to add up perfectly.
Want everything to be "just right."
Want others to attend to my needs first.
Want things done my way.
Want things to proceed according to plan.
Want to amount to something special in others' eyes.
Want to be different from others.
Want to be in charge.
Want to be left alone.
Want to be liked.
Want to be the perfect leader.
Want to be the very best.
Want to be told I am right.
Want to control the conversation.
Want to experience passion and romance.
Want to form my own opinions.
Want to have the last word.
Want to increase my knowledge.
Want to keep things as they are.
Want to know everything.
Want to know the reasons why.
Want to know what I am up against.
Want to mean something to others.
Want to please others.
Want to prove myself.
Want to see things for myself.
Want to understand things.
Wanted to run away from home when I was a child.
Warm up quickly to others.
Was a better than average student when I was in school.
Was a juvenile delinquent.
Was a slow learner in school.
Was approached by someone I didn't know who called me by another name or who insisted that he or she had met me before.
Was aware at an early age that I was different from others.
Was bothered by things that usually don't bother me.
Was considered a troublemaker in school.
Was down in the dumps.
Was known for challenging my teachers in school.
Was listening to someone talk and suddenly realized I did not hear part or all of what was said.
Was often sent to the principal for fighting when I was a kid.
Was told I wasn't acting like myself.
Was told that I sometimes do not recognize a friend or family member.
Wash my hands more often than is necessary.
Waste money, or lose it gambling.
Waste my time.
Waste time talking.
Watch out for possible danger.
Watch too much television.
Wear clothing that shows off or enhances my best features.
Wear my heart on my sleeve.
Wear stylish clothing.
Wear T-shirts in public.
Weigh the pros against the cons.
Weigh the pro's and the con's.
When in a group, try to make my opinions the most intelligent or the funniest.
When interacting with a group of people, am often bothered by at least one of them.
When with a group, have difficulties selecting a good topic to talk about.
Will agree to anything.
Will believe anything.
Will do almost anything to avoid being alone.
Will do almost anything to avoid being rejected.
Will do anything for money.
Will do anything for my career.
Will do anything for others.
Will do anything to avoid losing my friends and romantic partners.
Will do anything to get my way.
Will do just about anything to please people.
Will not probe deeply into a subject.
Will push people around to get what I want.
Will spread false rumors as a way to hurt others.
Will succeed with the goals I set for myself.
Will try anything once.
Will try to get even when someone hurts me.
Will upset people if I think that it is the right thing to do.
Will use whatever I can find as a weapon to fight with.
Wish I could experience more pleasure from my life.
Wish I could more easily show my negative feelings.
Wish I was less concerned about my health.
Wish that I was somebody else.
Wish that I were more fully employed.
Wish that something bad will happen to someone I dislike.
Wish to stay young forever.
Withdraw from people when I feel hurt.
Withhold information from others.
Wonder how I got to be the way that I am.
Wonder if the people I know can really be trusted.
Wonder who I really am.
Won't be satisfied until I get all I deserve.
Won't leave people alone.
Won't let others dominate me.
Won't take the blame for something that's not my fault.
Work according to a routine.
Work best when I am alone.
Work hard.
Work harder after a failure.
Work longer hours than most people.
Work on improving myself.
Work out my anxieties by doing something consturctive or creative.
Work so hard that my mental health has suffered.
Work so hard that my relationships have suffered.
Work too much.
Worked hard when I was in school.
Worry a lot about catching a serious illness.
Worry a lot when I develop a physical symptom that I never have had before.
Worry about being embarrassed.
Worry about my health.
Worry about people taking my possessions.
Worry about things.
Worry about what people think of me.
Worry so much that I can't get anything done.
Worry that certain people will take unfair advantage of me.
Worry that certain people will try to trick or deceive me.
Worry too much about what others might think.
Would always wear a helmet if I rode a bike.
Would be afraid to give a speech in public.
Would be described by friends and family as interested in lots of different things.
Would be described by my friends as brave.
Would be described by my friends as having lots of positive energy.
Would be good at rescuing people from a burning building.
Would be happier if I could afford to buy more things.
Would be nervous playing the clown in front of other people.
Would be upset if I saw an injured animal.
Would be upset if my success came at someone else's expense.
Would change my name or life story to get out of trouble.
Would consider adopting a handicapped child.
Would describe my experiences as somewhat dull.
Would describe myself as a normal person.
Would do anything to get an adrenaline rush.
Would enjoy a job where my life is on the line.
Would enjoy being out on a sailboat during a storm.
Would enjoy campaigning for political office.
Would enjoy cliff diving from great heights.
Would enjoy the riskiness of being a police officer or firefighter.
Would fear walking in a high-crime part of a city.
Would feel uncomfortable trying to take advantage of others.
Would feel very badly for a long time if I were to steal from someone.
Would find it difficult to ask for a salary increase.
Would find it distressing to see someone sleeping on the streets.
Would go streaking in public just for the thrill of it.
Would hate to be considered odd or strange.
Would knowingly sell something that broken or faulty.
Would later feel guilty if I were to lose my temper and threaten someone.
Would like to be a race-car driver.
Would like to be a socially powerful person.
Would like to have more power than other people.
Would like to live for awhile in a different country.
Would like to try bungee jumping.
Would love to be a celebrity.
Would love to be on a reality TV show.
Would love to explore strange places.
Would love to perform in front of a crowd.
Would love to take off on a trip with no planned route or timetable.
Would make a good actor.
Would make a good night-club comedian.
Would much prefer to have friends than romantic partners in my life.
Would never accept welfare.
Would never be described as arrogant.
Would never cheat on my taxes.
Would never go hang-gliding or bungee-jumping.
Would never go riding down a stretch of rapids in a canoe.
Would never indulge in extramarital affairs.
Would never make a high-risk investment.
Would never take things that aren't mine.
Would not be a good comedian.
Would not be very distressed by seeing an animal in pain.
Would not enjoy a job that involves a lot of social interaction.
Would not enjoy being a famous celebrity.
Would not enjoy fast dancing.
Would not feel guilty about hurting the feelings of someone I disliked.
Would not feel very distressed and concerned if a friend were to complain of having an especially bad headache.
Would not regret my behavior if I were to take advantage of someone impulsively.
Would obtain specific information about the product before making a big purchase.
Would prefer being in a hurricane or earthquake to spending the day moving heavy bricks.
Would prefer sitting through a boring TV show to being in a store during an armed robbery.
Would prefer to live in a fantasy world rather than the real one.
Would pretend to have personal problems to gain pity or attention.
Would rather avoid using manufactured goods.
Would rather be alone than in bad company.
Would rather buy something I need than borrow it from someone else.
Would rather give than take.
Would rather help myself than others.
Would rather spend money than save it.
Wouldn't harm a fly.
Yell at inanimate objects.
Yell at others with little provocation.
Yell at people.